Chapter 9: The Curse (3)

'This crazy bastard!'


Guard Go Chan made a disgusted expression.


Not only was it absurd to see the severed arm wriggling like a fish, but this fake Mok Gyeong-un's unrestrained actions were too much to handle.


No matter how dangerous the Manor Master's condition was, cutting off a warrior's right arm without hesitation was utterly fearless.


'What should I do about this?'


If Lady Seok or the other young masters found out about this, there might be trouble.


Regardless of the reason.


Squeak!


For now, Go Chan tore his own clothes and tightly tied the arm above the severed section of the Manor Master's arm for hemostasis.


"Phew…"


Seeing the Manor Master's complexion change, diviner Myo-sin let out a deep sigh.


In fact, this method couldn't be said to be completely wrong.


If the impurities become unbearable, the method of gathering them in a part of the body and amputating it is sometimes used.


'…It's so absurd that a fellow who knows nothing about strange phenomena or impurities made such a judgment.'


It was enough to make one click their tongue.


However, this method is literally a last resort.


When dealing with such a large clan or those with power, it is difficult to handle the aftermath of such extreme measures.


"That was a foolish act."


Diviner Myo-sin clicked his tongue and said.


He wanted to say more, but now, dealing with the aftermath was the priority.


Although the strange phenomenon in the Manor Master's body had been driven out by concentrating it in the severed arm, it was not yet completely resolved.


Snap!


Diviner Myo-sin removed the talisman with the character "压" (Suppress) that he had attached to the Manor Master's forehead and attached it to the severed arm that was wriggling and jumping on its own.


Then, forming a hand seal, he chanted an incantation.


"——————————–!"


Bulge! Bulge!


Then, the entire thrashing arm grotesquely bulged with black blood vessels.


It was difficult to look at unless one had a strong stomach.


Even Guard Go Chan turned his head to avoid it, but Mok Gyeong-un stared at the grotesquely transformed severed arm of the Manor Master as if it were interesting.


Sizzle!


The talisman trembled, and the skin it was attached to turned red.


As if affected by it, the areas around the skin where the talisman was attached, which had been bulging out, began to subside.


'What a pity.'


Diviner Myo-sin clicked his tongue inwardly.


Unlike ordinary strange phenomena, there was killing intent mixed in.


Killing intent was a type of curse.


In other words, it meant that it wasn't something that happened due to chance, but was intentionally inflicted.


Usually, when killing intent is involved, there are ways to trace back to the culprit.


However, if the strange phenomenon is concentrated in a dead piece of flesh like this, even if the killing intent is reversed, it cannot harm the culprit, let alone find out who it is.


'This bastard ruined everything.'


That was the reason for his inward sigh.


He thought he should quickly perform a moderate purification, prove that it wasn't his fault, and hurry to leave this place.


Since he couldn't obtain what Madam wanted.


Right at that moment,


Swish!


A cold and sharp sensation was felt on the right side of his neck.


Diviner Myo-sin, who had been chanting the incantation, suddenly stopped.


"…What is the meaning of this?"


A sharp blade was pressed against his neck.


The one holding the blade to his neck was none other than Mok Gyeong-un.


"Young Master!"


Even Guard Go Chan was perplexed by Mok Gyeong-un's sudden outburst.


However, when Mok Gyeong-un put his finger to his lips, signaling him to be quiet, he couldn't say anything more.


'What the …. is this guy thinking?'


As he was bewildered, Mok Gyeong-un parted his lips.


"From what I see, you seem to be called a diviner. Is the Manor Master's brush with life and death related to this?"


"C- Can't you see? Your Manor Master has been consumed by a strange phenomenon."


"What is a strange phenomenon?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's fundamental question, diviner Myo-sin swallowed his dry saliva.


He had to hurry and perform the exorcism, but he couldn't understand why he was doing this.


"Young Master… I will explain everything, so please remove the sword. If this is not properly purified, the Manor Master's condition may worsen again."


"Are you sure?"


"What?"


"The body part has been separated, yet it can worsen again?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, diviner Myo-sin's eyes wavered.


Usually, when such a bizarre incident occurs, people tend to trust the words of a diviner, who can be considered an expert.


However, this young fellow was doubting him.


diviner Myo-sin calmly replied,


"Look here. How could I lie when I'm performing divi-ation after receiving money from Madam? At this rate, the Manor Master's life is in danger…"


Swish!


Before he could finish his sentence, the blade slightly dug into his neck.


Startled, diviner Myo-sin was taken aback.


"Wh- What is this? A- Are you really determined to ruin everything? I don't know who you are, Young Master, but if the Manor Master dies, it could all be your fault."


"If the Manor Master passes away, it would be the fault of you who couldn't properly perform divi-ation despite being paid, so how would it be my fault?"


'!?'


diviner Myo-sin was momentarily at a loss for words.


Looking at this bastard, who showed no sign of wavering even when he said this, it seemed as if he had no interest in the Manor Master's life or death.


'Could it be that, like Madam, he's not hoping for the Manor Master to live but waiting for him to die?'


That possibility couldn't be ruled out either.


While performing diviation, he had encountered such situations countless times.


The power struggle within the clan.


'If that's the case…'


"Don't think too much and just answer the question."


Stab!


The blade dug deeper into his neck.


With the fear that his neck could be cut at any moment, diviner Myo-sin hurriedly said in a panic,


"I- If the Young Master also wishes for the Manor Master's death, I will do as you wish, so please spare my life…"


"Also?"


"What?"


"Who wished for the Manor Master's death?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, diviner Myo-sin's expression hardened.


He had taken a gamble out of fear that his neck would be cut, but it seemed he was wrong.


"Th- That's…"


"Who is it?"


"Y- Young Master, I didn't mean it that way…"


"Is it Madam?"


"…"


Diviner Myo-sin was at a loss for words.


He had to make an excuse, but when he was hit right on the mark at once, he couldn't give an immediate answer.


Seeing that, Guard Go Chan couldn't hide his surprise.


He thought the boy had gone crazy when he suddenly put a sword to the diviner's neck, but could it be that he had orchestrated this situation?


Drip drip!


Then, diviner Myo-sin, even sweating cold sweat, opened his mouth.


"Young Master… Madam simply…"


"It would be better not to roll your eyes. In a situation like this, honesty might be the way to survive."


"Y- Young Master…"


"I think I might put more force into my hand."


Swish!


"Eek! M- Madam told me to find out where the secret manuals and the Manor Master's seal are from his mouth, even if I don't have to save the Manor Master's life."


In the end, diviner Myo-sin spilled out what he knew.


He, too, had gone through many trials and had a lot of tricks up his sleeve.


But this fellow seemed like he would really cut off his head on the spot.


"Secret manuals? Manor Master's seal?"


Mok Gyeong-un asked, looking at Guard Go Chan.


At this, Guard Go Chan was at a loss for what to do.


'Shit. I never thought Madam would do such a bold thing.'


The target they were trying to switch sides to was not Madam and the eldest young master, but the second young master.


But if Mok Gyeong-un hadn't come here, the eldest young master would have inherited the Manor Master's position before they could even make a move.


"Guard Go Chan."


"Y- Yes?"


"Madam ordered it, so what should we do?"


"What?"


Guard Go Chan couldn't hide his perplexity.


What did he want him to do?


Even if he found out that Madam had done such a thing, there was nothing he could do about it right now.


Rather, by interfering with it, he would only incur Madam's anger and vigilance.


Go Chan's mind was in turmoil.


Since the situation had already unfolded and they knew Madam's secret, there was only one way to improve the situation and survive.


'Shit!'


He never thought he would say this with his own mouth.


"Young Master… We need to save the Manor Master's life. Otherwise, Madam will target you."


"Because I interfered, right?"


"That's right."


At Go Chan's answer, diviner Myo-sin hurriedly intervened.


"Y- Young Master. I can save the Manor Master's life. Since the strange phenomenon has been separated from his body, if we purify the severed arm, he will be safe. I will definitely save him, so please…"


"So you can save him?"


"Yes! So…"


"But I'm more curious about something else."


"What is it? I will tell you anything."


"You said the strange phenomenon was threatening the Manor Master's life, so how were you going to find out what Madam ordered from the Manor Master?"


At that question, diviner Myo-sin was once again at a loss for words.


He didn't expect to be suddenly asked about the method he was going to use to find out.


He could talk about it, but this had to be heard…


Grab!


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un grabbed diviner Myo-sin's neck.


And pressing down hard on his neck, he said,


"Don't think, and when I ask, I'd like you to answer immediately without any gaps. I don't think there's a need to keep unnecessary people alive."


"…"


"No answer again. As expected…"


"I- I was going to control the strange phenomenon and make the Manor Master speak directly."


The terrified diviner Myo-sin answered right away.


To him, Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly and said,


"If you can do it, why are you thinking so hard?"


"P- Please spare my life. If Madam hadn't ordered it, I would never have done such a thing. I will purify the strange phenomenon right away, so please…"


"No."


"What?"


To the puzzled diviner Myo-sin, Mok Gyeong-un pointed to the Manor Master and said,


"Try doing what you just said."


"Wh- What are you…"


To the flustered diviner, Mok Gyeong-un said with the corners of his mouth raised,


"You said you can control the strange phenomenon and obtain what you want from the Manor Master's mouth, right?"


'!?'


At Mok Gyeong-un's unexpected and out-of-the-blue request, the expressions of diviner Myo-sin and Guard Go Chan hardened.