Chapter 11: The Demon Monk (1)

It had been trapped inside a body for a long time.


The owner of that body possessed a stronger will and determination than it had anticipated.


When it tried to quickly take over the body, the owner blocked the energy flow and cut off his own consciousness.


-It's no use resisting.


Seizing the consciousness was only a matter of time.


No matter how strong-willed, he was bound to succumb eventually.


Once the weakened body and consciousness were captured, this body could be taken over.


-It won't be long now.


Everything seemed to be going smoothly.


However, an unexpected variable appeared.


Just a little longer and it could have broken through the blocked consciousness, but an obstacle arose.


-Who are you?


Ordinary humans cannot perceive their existence.


But this being knew how to control it with strange techniques.


-Are you trying to drive me out?


Thus, the being began a battle of wills.


It was a matter of driving out or taking over.


Then, the being was deceived by the one wielding this bizarre technique and ended up inside a wooden doll.


-How dare you trick me.


The resentful being grew even more furious.


It felt this anger would only subside after taking over that body again and wringing the neck of the one who tried to expel it.


But in the middle, it was interrupted.


So the being targeted not the body it had been trying to possess, but the one who interfered.


-A good body indeed.


A young body.


Unlike the body it had originally tried to take over, it wasn't overflowing with vitality, but rather, it was inclined towards yin energy, making it even easier to run rampant.


If it was this body, it was worth possessing.


Since it was younger than the previous body, the sense of self and will would also be weaker.


-I'll take over quickly.


It just needed to erase the bastard's consciousness.


By stimulating the consciousness and trapping it, the sense of self would eventually weaken.


However,


-This is…


The being couldn't hide its astonishment.


What the …. was the owner of this body?


Primal desires that felt like they would pierce through the lungs.


It was the desire to kill.


-Is this guy really a living being?


Death.


Darkness.


Anger.


Murderous intent.


All of these mixed together were full of yin energy.


For the being, this desire filled with death and killing intent was an irresistible instinct.


-It's the best.


The being felt ecstasy at this desire.


But soon it was also gripped by a sense of disappointment.


If left alone, it would have bloomed into the most magnificent desire, but something was suppressing it, preventing it from fully blossoming.


-I'll eliminate that factor suppressing your desire.


If the desire hadn't fully bloomed yet, it was better to completely unleash it.


After all, the ultimate body needed a perfect mind.


But then, an unbelievable thing happened.


'What are you?'


The bastard recognized it.


It tried to trap his consciousness in the current reality but failed.


-This can't be.


How did he recognize it?


It was impossible for a living being to directly perceive or contact it.


'I asked what you are.'


Then there was no choice.


Even if the method was a bit rough, it had to forcefully proceed with the possession.


It chose to forcefully possess.


The possession of the body had already begun, and if it devoured the will and consciousness, he would have no choice but to surrender the body.


-Sss…


-!?


For the first time, it felt perplexed.


The possession was occurring in reverse.


The energy that had penetrated the body was instead being absorbed by the bastard.


It happened at an unimaginable speed.


-Stop.


'What are you babbling about?'


-Stop it.


'You're noisy.'


-No.


'I said you're noisy, didn't I?'


-I'll give up. I'll leave, so stop it.


At this rate, it might be completely devoured.


It tried to escape somehow.


But now the bastard was grasping it.


...


"Phew."


Diviner Myo-sin let out an exhausted sigh, then picked up the sword that had fallen on the floor.


He thought it would be light, but the weight of the sword was quite heavy.


Gripping the sword with both hands, diviner Myo-sin looked at the Manor Master with a tense expression.


'Can I do it?'


Even if he had exorcised demons and such before, he had never killed a living human.


So when he actually tried to do it, he felt nervous.


But he had to do it.


'I have to kill him.'


Only then could he complete the Madam's request and pin everything on this guy.


He would say that while possessed by the demon in the Manor Master, he went berserk and killed the Manor Master.


If that happened, with the Madam's help, he could naturally dispose of this guy.


'Let's do it.'


He had to hurry.


If this guy's guard outside came in, things would go wrong.


Diviner Myo-sin tried to take a step towards the Manor Master.


Right at that moment,


-Flinch!


Diviner Myo-sin, who was about to take a step, flinched.


Gripped by a spine-chilling coldness that made his skin crawl, Myo-sin slowly turned his head with a stiff expression.


'!?'


Myo-sin couldn't hide his bewilderment for a moment.


He doubted his own eyes.


A hazy figure larger than an average adult by two heads was glaring at him, emitting a ghastly gaze.


'Th-this is…'


A giant monk in bloody robes with a skull rosary around his neck.


The monk's face, devoid of any vitality, was lifeless.


It was,


'A demon?'


Myo-sin could tell this being was undoubtedly a demon.


Those like him, diviners, called them demons or vengeful spirits, but people also referred to them as ghosts.


-Trickle!


Cold sweat ran down Myo-sin's forehead.


Had his spiritual sight heightened?


This was the first time he saw a demon with such a clear form with his own two eyes.


'Shit!'


Myo-sin cursed harshly inwardly.


There was no way his spiritual sight would suddenly heighten.


This demon must be of a much higher level and possess a stronger vengeful spirit than he could handle.


That was why it could manifest its own form like this.


-Clang!


Throwing away the sword, Myo-sin formed hand seals.


-Papak!


'Lín(臨)!'


-Papak!


'Bīng(兵)!'


-Papak!


'Dòu(鬪)!'


-Papak!


'Zhū(者)!'


-Papapapak!


Along with that, Myo-sin, who had formed sword seals and the Diamond Fist Mudra, chanted an incantation towards the demon.


"者…鬪….鬪….鬪..鬪"


He was in the middle of chanting the incantation.


At that moment, the demon in the form of a demonic monk approached him, moving like mist.


-Swish!


'It's useless!'


He had the Seven Stars Descending Talisman attached to his chest to protect his body.


Although exorcism would be difficult, it was impossible for this demon to directly affect him…


-Thwack!


"Ugh!"


At that moment, Myo-sin, who was hit in the face, had no choice but to stop chanting the incantation.


It wasn't just that it hurt, but Myo-sin blinked in surprise.


"H-how?"


The one who hit him was none other than Mok Gyeong-un.


How was he moving when he should have been unable to control his body after being possessed by the demon in the Manor Master?


He should have been suppressed by the "suppress" talisman.


Myo-sin's eyes, which had been bewildered, wavered as they discovered something.


A hazy black thread was flowing from Mok Gyeong-un's chest, connecting to the demonic monk demon.


Seeing this, Myo-sin realized something had gone wrong.


'…How could this happen?'


What that meant was one thing.


The fact that the souls were connected meant it was a familiar.


A familiar literally means to make an thing belong to and follow oneself.


But the reason Myo-sin was surprised was simple.


'How did he do it to a demon?'


That demon was a vengeful spirit.


It was a soul that had become a lump of resentment to resolve its grudges, and they didn't follow people.


It wouldn't be strange to call them evil.


Occasionally, among excellent diviners, there were those who controlled familiar, but those were old "things" or a kind of benevolent mischievous spirit.


'It doesn't make sense.'


But how could such an evil demon filled with killing intent become a familiar?


Moreover, that guy wasn't even someone who had learned divi-ation techniques or Taoism.


It was completely incomprehensible.


If an ordinary person was possessed by a demon of that level, it would be normal for them to have their body taken over or lose their life.


'How…'


"Can I remove this?"


"What?"


-Pak!


Just then, Mok Gyeong-un reached out and removed something from his chest.


The fluttering yellow paper was none other than,


"Huh?"


The Seven Stars Descending Talisman.


At this, Myo-sin's eyes widened.


It was that talisman that protected him from the demon.


But if that was removed,


-Swish!


The pale giant demonic monk was approaching with a ghastly smile.


Surprised by this, Myo-sin hurriedly tried to form seals to chant a protective incantation instead of the talisman.


However,


-Thwack!


"Ugh!"


Mok Gyeong-un kicked him in the abdomen.


Myo-sin, who was hit in the abdomen, collapsed in a shrimp-like posture due to the pain that felt like his internal organs were turned inside out.


He tried to form seals again while suppressing the urge to vomit, but,


"Gah!"


Myo-sin's waist bent in the opposite direction.


His face darkened and his veins bulged.


-Thump! Thump!


Myo-sin could tell.


The demon had entered his body and was trying to kill him.


If he didn't quickly form seals and use divi-ation techniques, he might be devoured by the demon and lose his life.


Myo-sin tried to form a seal with one hand, mustering all his strength.


But then,


-Squish!


Mok Gyeong-un stepped on that hand of his.


So that he couldn't do anything.


Surprised, Myo-sin panted and pleaded with all his might.


"Huff huff! Y-young master, please spare me. Please… if you just let me… live… I-I'll do… anything…"


"I don't need that."


"If it's because… I tricked you…"


"No."


Mok Gyeong-un shook his head.


"You did it to survive, so what can you do about it? But you also heard where the seal and secret manual are, right?"


'!?'


At this, Myo-sin was at a loss for words.


Separate from him deceiving and whatnot, wasn't Mok Gyeong-un saying that he had already intended to kill him?


Looking at him with an absurd expression, Mok Gyeong-un smiled and said,


"So just die."


–Shivers!


His mouth was smiling, but his eyes were motionless like a dead person.


That appearance felt even more eerie than the demon.


"Guh! Guh!"


Blood flowed from Myo-sin's mouth, his entire face bulging with veins.


Then, his body that had been convulsing gradually stopped.