Chapter 14: Bargaining (1)

'!?'


At those words that came out of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth, Guard Go Chan's expression stiffened.


The Manor Master was safe, so there was no need to hide it, but Go Chan never expected Mok Gyeong-un to directly mention it.


'No, how did he…'


Did he really want to provoke the First Madam, Lady Seok, that badly?


That was practically her secret.


Revealing that he knew about it could easily lead to his death in this very place.


'shit!'


Go Chan, tensed up, glanced at Lady Seok.


As expected, Lady Seok's expression had turned even more venomous than usual.


However, anger didn't immediately pour out of her mouth.


That was because,


'This bastard…'


From the beginning, she had come here because she suspected that Mok Gyeong-un might have seen or found out something.


But Mok Gyeong-un's attitude was completely unexpected.


Admitting that he knew her secret was no different from asking to be killed.


'What is his intention?'


Did this wretched fellow think he had the upper hand because he held her weakness, making him act boldly?


If that was the case, he had made a grave mistake.


In any case, this fellow was also someone who needed to be dealt with if Mok Yeong-ho became the Manor Master.


-Grab!


Lady Seok's hand swiftly grabbed Mok Gyeong-un's neck like a snake targeting its prey.


Seeing her movement, Guard Go Chan could be certain.


She, hailing from the martial arts family of Jinhwa[1] Seok Clan, was definitely a first-rate expert.


'No one but Master Gam could match her.'


That also meant that Mok Gyeong-un couldn't handle her.


'Huh?'


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes flickered with interest as his neck was grabbed.


He was inwardly surprised by her unexpectedly strong force and unique hand technique.


'Is this woman strong?'


The information file stated that she would have considerable martial arts skills as she was from the Jinhua Seokga Clan.


But if she was this strong, she was much more powerful than Go Chan.


'Interesting.'


Lady Seok's wrist was extremely slender.


It was no different from any other woman's, yet it possessed such strength.


Indeed, the power of martial arts was mysterious.


Seeing Mok Gyeong-un's reaction, Lady Seok's eyes narrowed.


'This fellow…'


She had grabbed his neck to intimidate him, implying that she could take his life at any moment, but far from being afraid, he didn't even show a hint of perplexity.


She hadn't seen him often because he wasn't her own child, but did this child have this much guts?


Rather, she knew him to be the most timid among his half-siblings.


"You…"


That single word that came out of Lady Seok's mouth.


Hearing it, Guard Go Chan swallowed his saliva.


Could it be that they were exposed?


Come to think of it, wouldn't a first-rate expert be able to discern whether the other person had learned martial arts or not just by grabbing their neck?


However,


"…Were you hiding your true colors?"


'!?'


At those words that came out of Lady Seok's mouth, Go Chan was dumbfounded.


Should he consider this fortunate?


Or should he see it as having aroused even more suspicion?


She didn't seem to doubt him, but it appeared that Lady Seok had perceived it negatively.


"So this was your true self…"


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un spoke.


"That's… not… important… right now."


"What?"


"If… the Manor Master… were to… pass away… it would be… difficult for… the eldest young master… to become the Manor Master."


"You bastard!"


-Squeeze!


Lady Seok's grip tightened even more.


"Impudent fellow. Do you think I can't kill you right here? Who do you think you are, trying to negotiate with me?"


"This… is a bit painful."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, she furrowed her brows.


With this much force on his neck, it should be difficult for him to breathe, but his expression didn't change much.


Was he not in pain?


While she was puzzled, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"I see… Negotiation… requires… a certain level… of caution… towards the other party."


"Caution? Do you think I would feel that towards the likes of you?"


Among the four sons of the Mok family, Mok Gyeong-un had the most insignificant martial arts skills.


Moreover, his mother had passed away, and his maternal family was practically ruined, so what could make her feel cautious?


Right at that moment,


"Demonic Monk."


As soon as those words were uttered,


-Flinch!


Suddenly, a chilling sensation that made her spine shiver seized Lady Seok.


Then, Lady Seok was suddenly pushed back as if she had collided with something.


-Whoosh!


Lady Seok's eyes trembled as she was pushed back about four steps.


'What was that just now?'


Something had touched her, but it was invisible.


In an instant, she raised her energy to create a reactive force as she was pushed, but the sensation was not just unpleasant; it even gave her goosebumps.


"Phew."


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un, who had raised his upper body, twisted his neck to loosen it.


-Crack! Crack!


"Having someone grab your neck isn't a pleasant experience."


At his relaxed tone, Lady Seok glared fiercely and spoke.


"You… What did you just do?"


"What did I do?"


"Just now, clearly…"


It was difficult to explain.


Mok Gyeong-un hadn't directly done anything to her.


But what was that bizarre sensation?


As she struggled to understand, Mok Gyeong-un sat cross-legged on the bed and said,


"Are you now inclined to negotiate?"


"Negotiate? Don't make me laugh. It seems you had a hidden trick up your sleeve, but do you think that kind of luck will continue like it did just now?"


"Is it still not enough? Then shall we try with a maid?"


"What?"


"The left one seems good."


"What are you talking about, the left one…"


At the moment she was about to question him,


"Ah!"


Everyone's gaze turned towards the direction of the scream.


'!?'


Lady Seok's eyes trembled.


No, not just her eyes, but the eyes of everyone in the infirmary widened.


It was because one of the maids that Lady Seok had brought with her had floated up to a height of about one jang (approx. 3.3 meters).


"Mmph!"


It seemed like she was trying to scream in surprise, but the maid's mouth was blocked as if something was covering it, making her mumble.


At this sight, everyone was at a loss for words.


What is happened was happening?


Why was a perfectly fine maid floating up there by herself?


'This… This is impossible.'


Lady Seok's mind became complicated by this bizarre phenomenon.


She had heard that among profound internal martial artists, there were those who could manipulate objects with their internal energy, or true qi.


But it was highly unlikely that this young fellow was such a profound internal martial artist.


Moreover, if he had exerted such profound true qi to lift the maid, she would have sensed some energy.


'What… What is this?'


Guard Go Chan was equally surprised.


What was the meaning of this?


Was this fake Mok Gyeong-un hiding such a strange ability?


-Swish!


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un casually raised a hand and made a gesture of slitting his throat.


Right then,


"Ack!"


As if being grabbed by something, the maid floating in midair had her facial veins bulging grotesquely, and her eyes rolled back.


It seemed like she would take her last breath at any moment.


'This… This is?'


The image of the dead diviner's corpse flashed in Lady Seok's mind.


Startled by the sight, Lady Seok shouted,


"S-Stop!"


"What are you saying?"


"It's obvious that you're doing this! I don't know what kind of sorcery this is, but stop it right now!"


"Well."


"You!"


"Since I'm trying to prove that I'm qualified to negotiate with the First Madam, wouldn't it be okay to take the life of one person?"


Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly.


In contrast, Lady Seok's expression hardened even more.


The maid, who seemed like she would take her last breath at any moment.


If she were an ordinary maid, it would be one thing, but this girl had been serving Lady Seok since her main family, the Seokga Clan.


-Clench!


Biting her lip tightly, she shouted,


"Enough! Stop it! I'll listen to what you have to say about negotiation or whatever, so stop it right now!"


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un lightly nodded.


Then,


-Thud!


The maid, who was on the verge of taking her last breath, collapsed on the floor, unconscious.


"Sohwa! Sohwa!"


The other maid hurriedly checked on the condition of the unconscious girl.


Fortunately, she let out a sigh of relief, indicating that her life wasn't in danger.


Lady Seok was also relieved, but more than that, she became suspicious of Mok Gyeong-un's bizarre ability.


What is happened was this?


It was a power unrelated to qi.


It was closer to sorcery or a mysterious force.


When did he learn such an eerie power?


'…This bastard.'


Her mind was filled with doubts, but she couldn't figure out what this power was at the moment, so it was too risky to confront him recklessly.


To do that, she should have brought only escort warriors who knew martial arts.


Lady Seok, who had been glaring at Mok Gyeong-un, opened her mouth.


"…What do you want to negotiate?"


"Since the Manor Master will pass away today or tomorrow, don't you need the Manor Master's seal?"


"…"


She didn't answer, but she didn't deny it either.


In the first place, there was no reason to deny it.


It was the only way to ensure the succession.


However, something didn't make sense to her.


"If you knew that, you could have kept it hidden, so why are you telling me?"


"Why am I telling you?"


"Yes. You're also from the Mok family, so you should want to become the Manor Master."


This was where she became suspicious.


She couldn't understand why he was bringing up something that he could have kept hidden.


If he used the Manor Master's seal, he could gain the support of the retainers.


But,


"I don't particularly want to become the Manor Master."


"What?"


At those words that came out of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth, Lady Seok was momentarily speechless.


He didn't want to become the Manor Master?


He could become the head of a prestigious martial arts family that wielded power in the northern part of Anhui Province, yet he didn't desire that?


"…Are you expecting me to believe that?"


"You don't believe me?"


"Would you believe it if you were in my position?"


"No, I wouldn't. You might think I'm lying."


"If there's no convincing reason…"


"Firstly, as I said earlier, I have no interest in it, and secondly, I don't want to get involved in the succession battle and fight. How about that?"


"You don't want to fight?"


"Yes. To be precise, I have no interest, and I don't want to waste time on unnecessary things."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, she frowned.


Was this fellow now considering the matter of determining the head of the great Yeon Mok Sword Manor a waste of time?


How much effort had she put in to make her own son, Mok Yeong-ho, become the Manor Master?


It was absurd in a different sense.


Lady Seok stared intently at Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"…If you truly don't want anything, tell me the location of the Manor Master's seal and the secret manual. Then I'll believe that you've really given up."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un scoffed.


"I can't do that."


"Then I can't fully believe your words…"


"Don't believe me then. In that case, I'll make the same offer to the second young master."


"What?"


For a moment, Lady Seok's composure wavered.


"What are you saying…"


"It's exactly as you heard. Since the First Madam seems to have trouble understanding, let me explain kindly. I may not need it, but are you and the eldest young master, Mok Yeong-ho, the only ones who want the Manor Master's seal?"


'!!!!!'


Her expression completely hardened.


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly and said,


"It seems you now realize who holds the hilt of the sword."


[1] A city in Hebei province