Chapter 35: Martial Talent (3)

Early the next morning.


One of the young servants in the medicine hall carefully brought Mok Gyeong-un's breakfast on a tray.


"As you instructed, the meat… is prepared with visible blood."


Although he followed the order, the servant frowned, finding the blood unpleasant.


Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly and said, "Why? Do you find the blood unappetizing?"


"Ah, no, that's not it."


The servant waved his hands in denial.


As a mere servant, he was worried that offending the young master might lead to trouble.


However, Mok Gyeong-un still spoke with a smiling face, "When the meat is fully cooked, the texture isn't great. Should I say it's tough? I prefer it when it's tender and has some blood. Try eating it like that sometime."


"…Yes, yes."


He couldn't understand what was so delicious about it.


There was a difference between slightly undercooked meat and meat with that much blood.


Especially with pork, it seemed like it would be rather gamey. It was indeed a unique taste preference.


As the servant withdrew, Mok Gyeong-un savored his meal with relish.


His manner of eating was incredibly elegant.


-Munch munch!


He chewed precisely around thirty times before swallowing, repeating the process, and never opened his mouth while chewing.


His use of chopsticks was also quite refined.


Watching this with narrowed eyes, escort guard Go Chan was inwardly puzzled.


Mok Gyeong-un had said he lived alone with his grandfather in the mountains, but judging by his behavior, it seemed like he had received proper etiquette training.


Come to think of it, his way of speaking was similar.


For someone known as a murderous demon, he habitually used honorifics towards others.


'The more I know, the less I understand.'


As he pondered, his stomach involuntarily made a sound.


-Growl!


Seeing Mok Gyeong-un eat, he couldn't help but feel hungry.


However, as if hearing that small sound, Mok Gyeong-un was now looking at him.


'Huh?'


"You must be hungry."


Startled, Go Chan, who had been observing with narrowed eyes, quickly sat up and greeted him.


"Y-Young Master, did you sleep well?"


"No, I didn't sleep as much as you, Guard Go Chan."


"You didn't sleep?"


"Yes."


"Then, after your meal, you should get some more…"


"No. If I die, I can sleep as much as I want."


"…"


No matter what he says, he always manages to give people the chills.


Go Chan swallowed his dry saliva and said, "Is something troubling you?"


"I suppose you could call it a concern. It's nothing major, and I was planning to ask you about it when you woke up anyway."


"What do you mean?"


Go Chan asked, feeling unnecessarily anxious.


After experiencing those bizarre events last night, he hoped today would be a bit quieter.


He even had a dream where a female ghost smoking a long pipe appeared and stuck her hand into his stomach.


To that extent, he felt like he wasn't in his right mind these days.


Mok Gyeong-un lowered his voice and said, "Do you know the basic techniques of Yeon Mok Sword Manor?"


"Pardon?"


At that question, Go Chan momentarily looked at Mok Gyeong-un with a puzzled expression.


That's because he wondered why Mok Gyeong-un was suddenly asking about the basic techniques.


Mok Gyeong-un asked again.


"Do you know them?"


"I've coincidentally witnessed them a few…"


'Oops!'


For a moment, he almost said "the real Mok Gyeong-un" without realizing it, but he quickly rephrased.


"I've seen you practicing them a few times before, Young Master."


Even though he was lazy and lacked martial talent, the real Mok Gyeong-un was still from a martial arts family.


Naturally, he had practiced martial arts before.


Of course, his practice was almost negligible, but still.


"That's fortunate. Then, can you teach me the basic techniques?"


"Pardon?"


"I'm asking you to teach me the basic techniques."


"H-How can I?"


Go Chan asked back, unable to understand Mok Gyeong-un's request.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un recalled yesterday's early morning.


...


Having discovered the formation of his danjeon, Mok Gyeong-un tried to practice the Ignited Wood Sword Formation he had memorized in the hidden training room of the Medicinal Hall.


However, an unexpected problem arose.


[Hmm… The movements aren't connecting. It's strange.]


He moved his body according to the memorized secret manual, but the movements didn't flow together at all.


Why was that?


Cheong-ryeong looked at Mok Gyeong-un and chuckled, saying,


-It's an advanced martial art.


[Pardon?]


-Mortal, you really know nothing about martial arts.


[What's an advanced martial art?]


-To put it simply, it's literally a high-level martial art. It's difficult to reach an advanced realm through ordinary martial arts, no matter how much you practice, but advanced martial arts are different. They contain condensed insights to reach an even more profound realm.


[Then isn't that a good thing?]


-You fool. What's good about it?


[What?]


-Without basic techniques, it's impossible to understand the forms of advanced martial arts. To eliminate unnecessary postures and forms, one must have a foundation in basic techniques.


[…]


-Do you understand?


[Roughly.]


-Tsk tsk. Anyway, if you don't practice the basic techniques, you won't even be able to learn half of the first form of that sword technique.


...


That's how it turned out.


Therefore, Mok Gyeong-un asked Go Chan if he knew the basic techniques of Yeon Mok Sword Manor.


"It seems I can't learn the Ignited Wood Sword Formation without the basic techniques."


Mok Gyeong-un honestly told Go Chan.


At those words, Go Chan asked with a surprised expression, "You're trying to learn the manor master's exclusive secret technique?"


"Yes. Is there a problem with that?"


"Rather than a problem, are you perhaps aiming for the successor position, Young Master?"


The reason for Go Chan's surprise was that.


He was well aware that Mok Gyeong-un wanted to learn martial arts.


However, if that martial art was the Ignited Wood Sword Formation, which was exclusively for the manor master, the story would be a bit different.


The term "manor master's exclusive" wasn't attached to that secret manual for no reason.


"No. How could that be?"


"But why?"


"If it's the manor master's exclusive martial art, wouldn't it be all the more useful?"


Is it appropriate to describe it as merely useful?


Among the past manor masters of Yeon Mok Sword Manor, there were some who had become the overlords of Anhui Province using the Ignited Wood Sword Formation.


That's how renowned the Ignited Wood Sword Formation was as an advanced martial art, even in the gangho.


"It's not just useful, but an extraordinary sword technique. But Young Master, if you learn that, it might cause problems later…"


"It's fine as long as we don't get caught."


Getting…


Caught was not the issue.


The moment he learned it, it would be no different from participating in the manor master succession war.


Aside from the current manor master, who was on the verge of death, no one had learned the secret manual. If Mok Gyeong-un alone learned it, there would surely be an uproar.


However, Go Chan couldn't bring himself to say the rest.


After all, Mok Gyeong-un wasn't the type to listen even if he told him not to.


"Sigh. But Young Master, I cannot teach you the basic techniques."


"Why?"


"Even if I've seen the basic techniques a few times, I don't remember them accurately, and I don't know the qi circulation formula for the basic techniques either."


"Ah…"


That's right. In the secret manual, there was something called a qi circulation formula for each form.


The utilization of internal energy differed for each posture within a form. If this was incorrect, the technique wouldn't display its proper power and, if done incorrectly, could even lead to internal injuries.


With that, Mok Gyeong-un asked, "Then who knows the basic techniques?"


"Naturally, it would be the young masters and the manor master who is bedridden."


The basic techniques of Yeon Mok Sword Manor.


The Ignited Wood Nine Forms and the Ignited Wood Beginner's Sword Technique.


Although they were called basic techniques, they were martial arts that could only be learned by those with the blood of the Mok family.


"Only them?"


"…Yes, that's right."


"Hmm."


Mok Gyeong-un placed his chopsticks on the rice bowl and stroked his chin.


He hadn't expected that only they would know the basic techniques.


He thought there would be some among the martial artists within Yeon Mok Sword Manor who knew them, but it deviated from his expectations.


Then, as of now, since the manor master was bedridden, the only ones who knew the basic techniques were the three young masters besides himself.


'It's impossible.'


Go Chan shook his head slightly.


There was no way the other young masters would teach Mok Gyeong-un the basic techniques.


In the first place, if he asked them to teach him because he didn't know, he would be subjected to unnecessary suspicion. There was no way around it.


However, Go Chan suddenly grew curious.


'Wait a minute, but he hasn't even formed a danjeon yet, so what is he trying to learn?'


As far as he knew, Mok Gyeong-un hadn't even created a danjeon yet.


Yet, whether it was the basic techniques or anything else, trying to learn the forms so soon was too hasty.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un slowly got up from the bed.


"Young Master?"


"There's no other way."


"Pardon?"


"Let's go."


"Wh-Where are you referring to?"


"Since they are the only ones who can teach me, I'll have to learn from them somehow."


"But Young Master… The other young masters won't teach you the basic techniques. And if you ask them to teach you, you might be on their radar.."


"I'll come up with an excuse or persuade them."


"Pardon? How?"


"I'll figure that out myself. So, let's go for now."


As Mok Gyeong-un urged him, Go Chan cautiously tried to dissuade him.


"Young Master… For now, since you're injured, wouldn't it be better to rest for a few days? The outer hall warriors are guarding this place anyway, so if you wander around with an injured body…"


"You don't need to worry about the outer hall warriors."


"Pardon?"


What does he mean by not worrying about the outer hall warriors? It was another puzzling statement.


...


On the way to the exclusive training ground for the young masters.


Escort guard Go Chan, still unable to understand, glanced towards the medicine hall and tilted his head.


'Oh my.'


Something was strange.


Just yesterday, the outer hall warriors seemed to be monitoring them.


But suddenly, their attitudes had changed.


As soon as they saw Mok Gyeong-un, they politely greeted him with a bow.


When he said he was going to the training ground, instead of stopping him, they wanted to follow him as an escort.


[We will accompany you, Young Master.]


[No, it's alright.]


Of course, Mok Gyeong-un declined their offer.


'What the?'


He couldn't understand why they were acting this way.


It was also puzzling that this suspicious little devil didn't find it strange at all.


Did something else happen while he was asleep?


It was utterly incomprehensible.


But that wasn't the important matter now.


"Young Master… Are you really going?"


"Yes. I said I'm going, didn't I?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's consistent answer, Go Chan was at a loss.


That's because the person Mok Gyeong-un was seeking was none other than the youngest young master, Mok Yu-cheon.


'This is insane.'


His relationship with the other young masters wasn't good either.


But Mok Yu-cheon was a bit more extreme.


No, it wasn't for no reason that the real Mok Gyeong-un had avoided encountering him.


Go Chan cautiously warned, "Young Master… It could really lead to big trouble. Even now, it would be better to turn back…"


"Big trouble. He must really hate me, huh?"


"Didn't I mention it before?"


"Ah. You said that the real Mok Gyeong-un, who died, almost got beaten to death for disparaging Mok Yu-cheon's mother as a vulgar prostitute wench, right?"


"…Then why are you going despite remembering that?"


Go Chan still remembered it.


[Stop! Stop it! I was wrong! Argh!]


He remembered how the real Mok Gyeong-un, with his leg and rib bones shattered, had crawled on the floor.


He had desperately begged for his life.


Given that incident, the youngest young master, Mok Yu-cheon, genuinely despised Mok Gyeong-un.


Would he teach the basic techniques to the person he hated if asked?


"The other two are not in a position to make a deal right now."


"But…"


"If we're picky about everything, we won't be able to do anything. So, let's go for now."


'Ah…'


He really won't listen.


It seems like he lacks a sense of crisis, so he should clearly explain it to him.


"Young Master, Mok Yu-cheon is a monster who has reached the beginning of the peak realm at the mere age of sixteen. A master at the peak realm is several times stronger than a first-rate master. If you carelessly provoke him, it could lead to serious consequences."


"Yes, yes. I understand."


'Argh!'


Go Chan pounded his chest in frustration.


There was no other way now.


He thought Mok Gyeong-un would have to experience firsthand what kind of relationship the real Mok Gyeong-un and Mok Yu-cheon had.


Before long, the first training ground came into view.


There, Mok Yu-cheon could be seen, shirtless, practicing horse stance training like last time.


He never neglected his training, not even for a day.


-Ho ho. Quite a decent mortal.


Cheong-ryeong's voice reached Mok Gyeong-un's ears.


Even under the sunlight, her level was clearly high, so unlike Ma-seung, she maintained her original appearance.


Taking a deep puff from her long pipe and exhaling, she said,


-He has martial talent.


"You can see that?"


-Do you think there are many sixteen-year-olds with that level of life energy?


In Cheong-ryeong's ghostly eyes, the surging energy over Mok Yu-cheon's shoulders was clearly visible.


He possessed outstanding martial talent that she would have wanted as a disciple if she were still alive.


She warned Mok Gyeong-un.


-He's the type commonly referred to as a genius. It's better to be careful. Even I find it difficult to exert my power under the sunlight.


Sunlight was the embodiment of life energy.


Therefore, it was challenging for her to maintain her form.


Nodding slightly at Cheong-ryeong's warning, Mok Gyeong-un entered the training ground.


Naturally, Mok Yu-cheon's gaze turned towards him as he was practicing horse stance.


Upon discovering Mok Gyeong-un, Mok Yu-cheon's face hardened terrifyingly.


Anyone could see that his expression was filled with anger.


'shit.'


As expected.


Go Chan, thinking that Mok Yu-cheon might use force in a fit of rage, which could be dangerous, quietly tried to dissuade Mok Gyeong-un in a whisper.


"Young Master… I think it's better to go back. Young Master!"


Despite his dissuasion, Mok Gyeong-un strode towards Mok Yu-cheon.


'shit.'


There was no other way now.


At that moment, Mok Yu-cheon spoke while maintaining his horse stance.


"Get out of the training ground."


As expected, his words weren't pleasant.


Go Chan wanted to recommend leaving the training ground while he had the chance.


However, Mok Gyeong-un had no intention of doing so.


Smiling brightly at Mok Yu-cheon, who was exuding a hostile atmosphere, he said, "Hello."


'Smiling? At me?'


At Mok Gyeong-un's attitude, Mok Yu-cheon raised one eyebrow.


Since that incident, the guy who had been avoiding him out of fear was now showing a smile in front of him.


Did he have something to rely on?


Mok Yu-cheon surveyed his surroundings.


However, the only one protecting Mok Gyeong-un was the escort guard Go Chan.


'Just a second-rate.'


He wasn't a formidable guard who could protect Mok Gyeong-un from him.


Mok Yu-cheon scoffed inwardly.


To him, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smiling face, "Do you also want to become the manor master?"


"What?"


Completely caught off guard by Mok Gyeong-un's words, Mok Yu-cheon frowned and turned his head.


Then he spoke as if it was absurd, "What nonsense are you spouting?"


"It's exactly as you heard. I asked if you also want to become the manor master."


At those words, Mok Yu-cheon raised his voice and said, "I don't know what trick you're trying to pull by appearing in front of me, but stop talking nonsense and get lost. If you don't want to crawl out of here like last time…"


"Well. I think you'll want to have this."


-Swish!


With those words, Mok Gyeong-un took something out from his bosom.


It was none other than a secret manual with the title Ignited Wood Heart Transformation Method written on it.


Seeing this, Mok Yu-cheon's eyes widened.


"You!… How did you get that?"


"Do you want it?"


Mok Gyeong-un temptingly waved the secret manual and asked Mok Yu-cheon.