Chapter 44: Manor Master (3)

From the hill below, the lights of the manor were visible.


Two figures stood in the darkness, gazing at the scene with indifferent eyes.


The taller of the two asked the other, "Is this the place?"


"Yes."


Upon hearing the response, the tall figure retrieved something the size of a finger from within his robes.


It appeared to be a seal of some sort.


"I heard the owner of this was released from the duty of killing. What was the reason?"


The figure beside him, forming a hand seal with one hand, replied with a smirk, "The Demonic Eagle."


"What's that?"


"The Demonic Puppet of Mt. Nokoh."


"Demonic Puppet?"


"I've heard stories of a diviner in the nearby Pavilion who uses the monstrous Demonic Eagle as his divine beast. It seems that person is here."


The tall figure's eyes flashed with interest at those words, "I see. So there was a diviner's intervention."


"Now that we have the answer, what should we do?"


"We must bring it."


With those words, the tall figure raised his hand. 

At that moment, countless sounds of movement could be heard from behind.


…


"I will determine who is qualified to be the clan's successor through a test."


'!!!!!'


The atmosphere in the room shifted drastically at the Manor Master's declaration.


The youngest, Mok Yucheon, couldn't hide his joy, his lips twitching at the Manor Master's words.


After all, if it was a test, he would be at an advantage over anyone else.


'Ah! Father is giving me a chance.'


What would a test in a martial clan entail? Naturally, it would showcase one's martial arts prowess.


The eldest son, Mok Yeongho, was at the second-rate level, the second son, Mok Eunpyeong, was first-rate, and the third son beside him, Mok Gyeongwoon, was merely third-rate. 

No one could defeat him.


Whether it was a martial arts competition or anything else, he had the upper hand.


*Gnash*


The second son, Mok Eunpyeong, bit his lower lip tightly. 

He, too, had thoughts similar to Mok Yucheon.


No matter who heard it, the Manor Master's declaration was undoubtedly in favour of the youngest, Mok Yucheon, who possessed the most outstanding martial arts skills.


If it was based on martial arts, who could defeat that monstrous kid who had reached the initial stage of the Peak Realm at the mere age of sixteen?


'How could you do this?'


It would have been better to appoint Mok Yucheon directly if it was going to be like this.


Mok Eunpyeong, who found all of this unfair, mustered up the courage to open his mouth, something he wouldn't have dared to do under normal circumstances, "I have something to say to you, Father."


"What's it?"


"If it's a test, what exactly will we be doing?"


At that question, Manor Master Mok In-dan stared intently at his second son, Mok Eunpyeong.


Under his father's imposing gaze, Mok Eunpyeong, who had barely gathered the courage to speak up, lowered his head slightly, averting his eyes.


Mok In-dan let out a small snort.


To muster up an opinion only to be unable to even meet his father's gaze… It was pathetic beyond compare.


However, having narrowly escaped death, he had decided to give everyone a fair chance in the process of selecting the Manor Master.


Thus, he spoke, "If it were a simple matter of testing martial arts through a


competition, none of you would be able to defeat the youngest."


"…"


At those words, Mok Eunpyeong's expression instantly soured. 

His pride had been wounded.


However, in front of his father, he quickly managed his expression.


Manor Master Mok In-dan continued speaking without paying any heed, "Therefore, I will distinguish who possesses the qualifications to be the Manor Master."


'Qualifications?'


The expressions of the Mok family's brothers turned puzzled at those words.


Even Mok Yucheon, who had thought that everything would be decided through martial arts since it was a matter of selecting the successor of a martial clan, felt uneasy when qualifications were mentioned. 

If those qualifications weren't based on martial arts, it would be the most


disadvantageous for him.


'Ah!'


Perhaps that was why Mok Eunpyeong's expression, in turn, brightened.


Just a moment ago, he had thought the Manor Master's intention was set on the youngest, Mok Yucheon, but if qualifications were being discussed, it would be difficult for Mok Yucheon, the son of a concubine, to gain the recognition of the retainers.


'Then it will be a fight between this guy and me.'


Mok Eunpyeong glanced at his eldest brother, Mok Yeongho, beside him. 

It was impossible to know what he was thinking. 

The Madam was trying to make him the successor by any means, but the person himself was so far off the mark that he only brought disappointment to the Manor Master.


'There's a chance now.'


Mok Eunpyeong had been unable to hide his disappointment upon hearing the news of the Manor


Master's awakening.


However, he was filled with a glimmer of hope.


If he played his cards right, he might be able to gain his father's recognition and officially become the Manor Master.


At that moment, Mok Yucheon cautiously opened his mouth, "Father, may I ask what it means to


assess qualifications?"


"The position of Manor Master is that of the leader who guides this single group called the Yeon Mok Sword Manor. I will test if someone is suitable for that role."


'A person suitable to be the Manor Master?'


It was even more difficult to guess what kind of test it would be.


Glancing over his sons, Manor Master Mok In-dan continued, "Regardless of having different mothers, you are all my children. Therefore, in choosing a successor, everyone will be given a fair chance. So, for now, return and contemplate what kind of test there might be and prepare accordingly."


Having said what he needed to; he ordered his sons to leave.


As they were about to withdraw, bowing their heads with their hands clasped together…


"I apologize, but I will not take the test."


Everyone's attention turned to the one who had spoken. It was none other than Mok Gyeongwoon.


'What is he talking about?'


'He won't take the test?'


Both Mok Eunpyeong and Mok Yucheon looked at him with uncomprehending eyes.


Was he voluntarily giving up the official opportunity to become the successor?


As they were puzzled, Manor Master Mok In-dan questioned, "You won't take the test?"


"That's correct."


"Why won't you take it?"


"I am lacking in many aspects compared to my elder brothers and even my younger brother. Thus, I


believe I am not qualified to be the successor. Therefore, I will not take the test."


Upon hearing this, Mok Eunpyeong let out a small snort.


Whatever his intentions were, if he was stepping down on his own, there was nothing bad about it.


It meant the competition would become even more manageable.


'Was he really serious?'


Mok Yucheon found it unexpected. Unlike when the Manor Master's life and death were uncertain,


refusing the official opportunity to become the successor meant that what he had told him was true.


He hadn't expected him to truly not desire the position of Manor Master. What was he thinking?


'This is good.'


Mok Gyeongwoon, on the other hand, was pleased with this situation.


If he officially withdrew from the succession struggle, they would no longer bother him.


His goal was martial arts anyway.


Once he had established a solid foundation, he would leave the Yeon Mok Sword Manor.


There was no need to be tied down.


"Why do you think you are lacking?" the Manor Master's question continued.


Mok Gyeongwoon was puzzled by this kind of question.


As far as he knew, the Manor Master had found the eldest son, Mok Yeongho, and the deceased Mok Gyeongwoon pathetic.


Then there should be no regret in him dropping out of the succession test.


'He's being troublesome.'


It would have been over if he had just acknowledged it. 

But there was no benefit in offending the Manor Master here. So, he had no choice but to provide an appropriate justification.


"It is said that a successor should prioritize the eldest son, and if not, it is right to appoint someone


with outstanding abilities and high merit."


"…"


"Moreover, my maternal family is not what it used to be and cannot be of help to the Yeon Mok Sword Manor, so I am even more unqualified to be the successor."


He smoothly explained the reasons why he wasn't suitable. Mok Eunpyeong nodded his head at this.


'He knows his place.'


He was satisfied. To this extent, he naturally thought the Manor Master would no longer insist on Mok Gyeongwoon taking the succession test.


'Huh?'


But something seemed strange. The Manor Master's expression toward Mok Gyeongwoon wasn't that bad. Rather, it was closer to a look of reconsidering him.


'What?'


And that guess was correct. What Mok Gyeongwoon had said was self-deprecating, so it couldn't be called exceptional. 

However, for the Manor Master, Mok Gyeongwoon's demeanour of clearly understanding himself and directly expressing his opinion was vastly different from before.


That weakness and pathetic appearance were nowhere to be seen. What had happened during the years he had been bedridden with his eyes closed?


'He has changed.'


What had transformed this kid like this? Or had he been changing during the few years he hadn't paid attention to him?


The Manor Master became curious about Mok Gyeongwoon.


*Swish*


Suddenly, the Manor Master swung the outer robe he was wearing to the back. Revealing the Manor Master's upper body, which was covered in numerous scars.


Among them, what caught everyone's attention was…


'…Ah.'


His severed arm, clearly visible despite being wrapped in bandages. Everyone knew that he had met


with an accident caused by some mysterious assailant a few days ago.


But they hadn't known that his arm had been cut off. Manor Master Mok In-dan was a swordsman.


For a right-handed swordsman to lose an arm was no different from losing his prime.


However, as if he didn't care about it at all, he opened his mouth, "You said it yourself."


"Pardon?"


"That the eldest son or someone with outstanding abilities and merit should be chosen as the


successor."


"…Yes. But I am neither of those."


"I heard you blocked and killed the person who cut off this father's arm."


'What?'


At those words, everyone turned to look at Mok Gyeongwoon.


They had heard that Mok Gyeongwoon, who had visited the main hall, had been injured and stayed in the medical hall for a while, but they had no idea such a thing had happened.


Of course, this fact had been embellished by Mok Gyeongwoon.


'Ah...'


Mok Gyeongwoon hadn't anticipated that the story he had embellished and shared would lead to such a troublesome outcome.


The Manor Master, pointing to his severed arm, said, "According to your words, someone who has


made contributions is also fully qualified to be the successor. So, it seems that reason alone is not


enough to justify refusing the test."


"..."


At the Manor Master's words, Mok Gyeongwoon's face became expressionless. It was becoming quite bothersome for the Manor Master to try to pull him in like this when he had clearly stated he wouldn't take the test.


So Mok Gyeongwoon decided it would be better to just say he wouldn't participate in the test. But


then something caught Mok Gyeongwoon's eye.


'!?'


It was the scar visible on the Manor Master's side. The scar, which had healed but was still distinctly


visible, seemed to have been caused by a sharp object like a sword. The moment Mok Gyeongwoon


saw it, his eyes narrowed.


'The scar…'


It was remarkably similar. To the mark he had been searching for. 

Because of this, Mok Gyeongwoon's mind was focused on only one thing: how the Manor Master had gotten that scar, rather than matters of succession or anything else.


*Flinch*


At that moment, Mok Gyeongwoon frowned and slightly turned his head.


The Manor Master asked with a puzzled expression, "Why are you doing that? What…"


Before he could even finish his sentence. Manor Master Mok In-dan also turned sharp-eyed and


abruptly rose from his seat.


"Father?"


The other brothers of the Mok family were bewildered. No sooner had that happened than sudden


noises of commotion erupted from outside.


"It's an enemy raid! The enemy has infiltrated!"


"Inform the Manor Master!"


'!!!!!!'


A sudden emergency situation. Everyone couldn't hide their shock.


Meanwhile, the youngest, Mok Yucheon, who had sensed the presences almost simultaneously with


the sounds of commotion, looked at Mok Gyeongwoon with surprised eyes.


'What's with this guy?'


He had noticed it even before his father and himself, despite being merely a third-rate martial artist.