Chapter 47: Attack (3)

The fight between the warriors of the Yeon Mok Sword Manor and the masked individuals was temporarily halted by the shout of Son Yun, the Bright Blade King, one of the Five Kings of the Heaven and Earth Society.


However, it was still not a situation where they could let their guard down.


The Heaven and Earth Society remained a violent organization that had not abandoned its ambition to unify the Central Plains, so if the Bright Blade King Son Yun were to change his mind midway, the battle would resume.


".....This is serious," Lady Seok, the first wife, whispered to the guard Ho-aeng.


From what she had heard, it seemed that they were after a secret manual or something similar that the Manor Master had found somewhere, and it was said to be in a hidden space within the Medicinal Hall.


-Glance!


She surreptitiously glanced at Mok Gyeong-un, who was still circulating energy.


That child….. It appeared that he had found the Manor Master's exclusive secret manual in the Medicinal Hall.


Otherwise, how could he have bargained with her while never leaving the Medicinal Hall?


At this, the guard Ho-aeng said to her,


"Madam... Shouldn't we inform the Manor Master about this?"


"We should, but..."


Lady Seok's eyes took on a peculiar expression.


If she were to consider the future of the Yeon Mok Sword Manor, informing the Manor Master now would allow him to quickly address the situation.


However, a clever idea crossed Lady Seok's mind.


'That child said he had only given me two stances of the Ignited Wood Sword Formation and that the rest of the oral formulas were all in his head.'


If that were the case, given that cunning fellow's personality, there was a high probability that he had also memorized and destroyed the secret manual.


She was convinced that was likely the case.


Then, there was no need to inform the Manor Master right now.


If someone had memorized a secret manual precious enough for the Heaven and Earth Society to consider it a treasure, how would they react?


"I think it will be fine to inform him a little later," Lady Seok said, the corners of her mouth curling up slightly.


If things went well, she might be able to rid herself of a troublesome tumor here.


As the situation had progressed to this point, Mok Gyeong-un, who had been immersed in the energy circulation, finally opened his eyes.


"Young Master!" the guard Go Chan, who had been standing guard beside him, called out in a low voice.


Mok Gyeong-un glanced at him once, then surveyed the surroundings.


Seeing the situation in a standstill, Mok Gyeong-un smacked his lips as if disappointed.


'No wonder the death energy was cut off midway.'


It was because the fighting had ceased.


Mok Gyeong-un was actually disappointed that no more people were dying.


However, it seemed that assessing the situation took priority at the moment.


"What happened?"


Come to think of it, why was the Demonic Monk in the form of a vengeful spirit, abandoning the body of the Outer Manor Master?


"Well..."


As Mok Gyeong-un looked puzzled, Go Chan whispered in his ear, explaining what had transpired.


Mok Yu-cheon glanced at Mok Gyeong-un with a somewhat envious gaze.


'When did that bastard acquire such a guard?'


He had never seen Go Chan before, so he couldn't help but be curious when he was introduced as Mok Gyeong-un's guard.


Not only was his appearance outstanding, but Mok Yu-cheon was particularly amazed by his martial arts prowess.


Regardless, having grasped the situation to some extent, Mok Gyeong-un stroked his chin and let out a soft groan.


"Hmm."


'What are you going to do about this?' Go Chan looked at Mok Gyeong-un with a perplexed expression.


It was literally a situation where they were caught between a rock and a hard place.


Soon, the masked individual from the Heaven and Earth Society who had gone to search the secret place in the Medicinal Hall would return.


When that happened, a catastrophe could unfold.


"Young Master….. The Heaven and Earth Society is a truly dangerous organization. If we're not careful..."


"Wait a moment."


"Yes?"


While Go Chan was puzzled, Mok Gyeong-un approached Manor Master Mok In-dan, who was waiting with an anxious expression.


Mok In-dan admonished him in a low voice,


"If you're injured, just rest quietly. Right now..."


"May I ask who inflicted that wound on your side?"


"What?"


Manor Master Mok In-dan furrowed his brow at Mok Gyeong-un's sudden question.


As if the uncertain situation ahead wasn't enough, why was this child asking such a thing?


The Manor Master sighed and said,


"Now is not the time to discuss that..."


"There's nothing in the underground of the Medicinal Hall."


At those words, the Manor Master was momentarily flustered and almost blurted out a response, but he managed to hold back and surveyed the surroundings with his eyes.


The Bright Blade King Son Yun was standing with his arms crossed, leaning against the wall and looking at him.


Conscious of him, the Manor Master lowered his voice even more and whispered,


"What do you mean by that? There's nothing in the underground of the Medicinal Hall, what on earth..."


"It's exactly as I said. So, if you tell me where, how, and by whom you received that wound on your side, I will handle this situation."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Manor Master Mok In-dan's eyes turned fierce.


Mok In-dan glared at Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"Did you perhaps go to the underground?"


"Yes."


"How did you... Ha!"


For a moment, he wanted to grab the back of his neck.


How did this kid find out about that place and go there?


And he couldn't understand why he was so fixated on this wound.


But that wasn't what mattered right now.


"Don't tell me you tampered with that?"


"Please tell me first."


"You!"


The Yeon Mok Sword Manor was in a life-or-death crisis, so what kind of behavior was this?


With anger surging, Manor Master Mok In-dan grabbed Mok Gyeong-un's wrist.


And applying force, he said,


-Grip!


"Where is it? Tell me right now. The future of our clan is at stake. I can't tolerate your mischief in this situation..."


"Does it seem like mischief to you?"


'!?'


Manor Master Mok In-dan frowned.


Was this really the same child he knew?


He was gripping his wrist so tightly and imposing his authority, yet the child didn't avert his eyes at all and showed no sign of fear.


"You...."


It was at that very moment.


-Tap tap tap tap!


A masked individual was seen rushing over in a hurry.


Seeing this, Manor Master Mok In-dan's expression hardened.


It was the masked individual he had sent to the Medicinal Hall.


The Bright Blade King Son Yun, who had been leaning against the wall, straightened his body and said,


"Did you find it?"


"It's here."


The masked individual knelt on one knee and respectfully presented an old wooden box with talismans pasted all over it.


Son Yun also received the wooden box with both hands, unable to hide his excitement.


"It has returned to the hands of our society once again."


Seeing this, Manor Master Mok In-dan asked Mok Gyeong-un,


"You... Did you lie to your father?"


Otherwise, there was no way the wooden box would be there so intact.


Mok In-dan, who had been worried that a big commotion would occur, let out a sigh of relief as the tension seemed to dissipate.


If they took that and left, there would be no further damage...


-Click!


At that moment, the Bright Blade King Son Yun raised one eyebrow and opened the lid of the wooden box.


It seemed he wanted to check if the contents were inside.


However,


-Whoosh!


Instantly, an immense killing intent erupted from the Bright Blade King Son Yun.


The force was so strong that everyone, whether from the Yeon Mok Sword Manor or the masked individuals, flinched for a moment.


'Why all of a sudden?'


Manor Master Mok In-dan, who had been feeling relieved, was baffled.


Mok In-dan looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


Could it be that the contents were missing?


"I did tell you."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Mok In-dan was not only angry but also dumbfounded.


Was this kid really in his right mind?


However, unlike him, there was one person who welcomed this situation.


It was none other than Lady Seok, the first wife.


'Perfect!'


She had wondered if Mok Gyeong-un hadn't tampered with the wooden box.


But judging by that man's reaction, it seemed that wasn't the case.


Now was the opportunity.


Lady Seok took a step forward.


And just as she was about to open her mouth, the Bright Blade King Son Yun took something out of the wooden box with his thumb and index finger.


It was,


'An earring?'


It was a lavish earring made of jade and silver.


There was only one, and it looked like something women would wear.


'!!!!!!!'


Seeing this, Lady Seok couldn't hide her bewilderment.


That was because it should have been in her jade ornament box.


But why was it there?


It was enough to make even ghosts wail.


'Wait, could it be?'


Startled, Lady Seok looked in the direction where Mok Gyeong-un was.


She had intended to look at Mok Gyeong-un, but her eyes met with Manor Master Mok In-dan, who was standing next to him.


Mok In-dan had an expression that asked what on earth was going on.


And for good reason,


'Of all things, that one...'


It was one of the ornaments she had received as a gift from Manor Master Mok In-dan.


It was only natural for Mok In-dan to show suspicion.


As she was flustered, she noticed Mok Gyeong-un chuckling and shrugging his shoulders beside him.


'You!'


Only then did she confirm that it was Mok Gyeong-un's doing.


He was the only one who had gone to that place.


At that moment, the Bright Blade King Son Yun held up the earring towards Manor Master Mok In-dan and blatantly exuded killing intent as he spoke,


"Manor Master Mo. What is this?"


Mok In-dan was at a loss for words at that question.


It was already a problem that the secret manual wrapped in the prayer beads was missing, but he couldn't say that the earring belonged to his wife.


"You've finally chosen to be punished."


-Shing!


The Bright Blade King Son Yun drew the Taoist sword he had been carrying on his back.


The masked individuals followed suit.


As they put away their weapons and drew their swords again, the warriors of the Yeon Mok Sword Manor also pulled out their weapons with tense expressions.


It was a situation on the brink of explosion.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un shouted,


"First Madam! When our clan is in danger, do you intend to keep your mouth shut and remain still? Isn't that earring yours?"


'!?'


Lady Seok was momentarily at a loss for words.


She had already been at a loss because she knew it was her earring, but she hadn't expected Mok Gyeong-un to suddenly bring her into the situation.


"You! Wh- What are you..."


"Hoho. So this earring belonged to the Manor Master's wife?"


The Bright Blade King Son Yun glared at Lady Seok as he spoke.


Feeling fear from his sharp gaze and aura, Lady Seok staggered and took a step back.


She waved her hands and said,


"W- Warrior Son. I think there's some misunderstanding. This is..."


"Eldest Madam! You can end this without bloodshed, so why are you doing this? If you have the secret manual, please give it quickly."


'This bastard!'


At Mok Gyeong-un's shout, she felt like she was going crazy.


She wanted to rip Mok Gyeong-un's mouth apart right then and there, but that monster-like supreme master from the Heaven and Earth Society, whom even the Manor Master couldn't handle, was glaring at her as if he would kill her, so she couldn't open her lips.


-Grip!


Manor Master Mok In-dan grabbed Mok Gyeong-un's wrist and urged him in a low voice,


"Enough!"


"Pardon?"


"What is happened are you doing? No matter how much she's not your birth mother, how could you..."


"You're more naive than you look."


"What?"


"That woman even called a diviner to find out from your mouth where the Manor Master's exclusive secret manual was, and then she tried to have you killed. And you still think of protecting her?"


'!?'


At those words, Mok In-dan's expression hardened.


What in the world was this about?


As he was perplexed, Mok Gyeong-un whispered with a curl of his lips,


"So, you don't have to feel too guilty. If, by some stroke of luck, we can save everyone with the sacrifice of that one woman, wouldn't that be a good thing in its own way?"


It was like a devil's tempting whisper.


At this, Manor Master Mok In-dan felt a chill run through his entire body.