Chapter 53: Proposal (2)

"You… become my disciple."


'!?'


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes sharpened at diviner Jo's words.


He was already quite displeased from being manipulated by the technique earlier.


'Did he do something unnecessary?'


Mok Gyeong-un surveyed his surroundings, rolling his eyes.


No one was visible for now, and no unusual presences were detected.


Was it because of his confidence in handling things alone that he lured him here with the technique?


'Ten steps.'


With this distance, he seemed capable of subduing him.


He had become faster after learning the Light Body Technique.


And compared to martial artists, the physical abilities of sorcerers were significantly inferior.


'If I kill him before he uses sorcery…'


"There's no one around, so it's a misconception if you think you can do anything to me."


"…"


He wasn't as inattentive as expected.


But there was definitely no presence.


And he hadn't taken out any talismans or anything.


Trying once wouldn't hurt…


-Gasp!


Mok Gyeong-un hesitated.


The moment he slightly lifted his foot off the ground, he felt the surrounding energy distorting.


That strange energy when he let go of the carriage.


It was similar to that, but this time it was sharp like swinging a weapon.


"Quite sensitive, aren't you?"


A glint of interest flashed in diviner Jo's eyes.


Naturally, he had expected that if the fellow was smart, he would find a way to escape the technique.


That's why he had prepared in advance.


"To survive in this treacherous world, preparation must be thorough. That's the first lesson I'll give you."


"…"


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un surveyed his surroundings.


No talismans or anything like that were visible.


But why did he feel that ominous sensation the moment he tried to take a step?


Sorcery indeed had depths the more one delved into it.


Mok Gyeong-un looked at diviner Jo and spoke.


"…I never said I would become your disciple."


"Do you think you have a choice?"


"I can see you have a lot of interest in me, but I also have my own stance."


"Stance? Ha."


Diviner Jo scoffed.


Then he immediately took something out from his waist.


It was a wooden puppet with a talisman attached that read "Seal".


Diviner Jo tossed and caught it, saying,


"Don't you want to get this back?"


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head slightly.


Then, out of curiosity, he sent death energy into his eyes and looked at the wooden puppet, and it seemed like something was inside.


But the energy was barely detectable, making it difficult to notice without focusing.


"Have you already forgotten what you were trying to protect?"


"Don't tell me that's…"


"Yes, it is. Did you think I would leave such a dangerous thing there?"


"…"


"You're an interesting fellow. Even among excellent sorcerers, few have taken a vengeful spirit as a familiar."


Diviner Jo only realized it after sealing the evil spirit into the wooden puppet.


Not only did he self-learn sorcery, but he also took a vengeful spirit as a familiar, something even outstanding sorcerers struggled to do.


He was undoubtedly a talent that couldn't be more desirable as a disciple.


"I don't know how you did it, but if you obediently agree to become my disciple, I can return this to you."


He thought it was a pretty good offer.


The fellow must have done considerable research of his own to take a vengeful spirit as a familiar.


So he believed he wouldn't easily want to lose his servant ghost.


However,


"You don't have to return it."


"What?"


"It has already left my hands, so what can I do?"


"…Huh?"


Look at this guy.


He must have struggled a lot to make the vengeful spirit his servant ghost, but he's giving it up so easily?


Is he deliberately putting on a strong front?


"Then you're fine with me destroying this vengeful spirit?"


"Do as you wish."


The complete lack of reluctance was absurd.


His thinking differs from ordinary sorcerers.


No, is it because he originally comes from a martial arts background?


"Hmm."


If he destroyed this vengeful spirit as the fellow said, it would make him seem narrow-minded.


After all, a master's capacity should appear vast.


Diviner Jo tossed the wooden puppet towards Mok Gyeong-un.


"Take it."


-Tak!


"…Why are you giving it to me?"


"Do you think my capacity is so small that I would covet something belonging to a prospective disciple?"


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un scoffed inwardly.


He desperately wants him as a disciple.


What should he do?


For now, there were three options.


Kill diviner Jo and escape, taking somewhat of a risk without knowing what trap there might be?


Or pretend to agree to be his disciple while dealing with him and escaping?


Lastly,


'…Infiltrate Heaven and Earth Society by becoming his disciple, despite the danger.'


It was the riskiest among the three.


If he encountered the person who appeared back then, sensing his pursuit, he could definitely be killed before even taking revenge.


'The second option seems better after all.'


It was the most appealing method.


It was also the method he enjoyed using the most originally.


At that moment, diviner Jo spoke.


"If I were you, I wouldn't refuse the offer."


"Why?"


"Becoming my disciple would at least increase your chances of survival, so why hesitate?"


"…"


"Having arbitrarily learned the manor's secret manual, do you think you have a high probability of surviving if you go there? I think not. It's a place where your life hangs by a thread based on the sect leader or executives' moods. If you become my disciple, you can at least raise that probability."


"…"


Mok Gyeong-un showed no change in expression.


Seeing his reaction, diviner Jo clicked his tongue inwardly.


Is this approach ineffective with this fellow?


Well, he's someone who bargained with Bright Blade King while holding a sword to his own throat.


'Does he have no attachment to his life? Or is he thoroughly calculative?'


If it's the latter, the method needs to be changed.


diviner Jo clicked his tongue and said,


"You're the type to just break if I push too hard, I see. Fine, then how about this? Although you'll learn it anyway if you become my disciple, I'll teach you the sorcery to contain a familiar in a medium."


"…What does that mean?"


"It's exactly as it sounds. Don't you have a similar example in your hand right now?"


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un looked at the wooden puppet in his hand.


The wooden puppet with "Seal" written on it emitted no energy whatsoever.


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes sparkled as he stared intently at it.


"Seems like you're interested in this sort of thing."


Diviner Jo smirked.


He had thought the fellow would naturally show interest.


'He would definitely need it if he wants to carry that vengeful spirit around intact.'


Otherwise, sorcerers would try to subdue it without knowing it's a familiar whenever it's noticed.


What Mok Gyeong-un needed right now was this sorcery, he believed.


And that prediction was spot on.


'Concealing a familiar's energy…'


Mok Gyeong-un was already seeking such a method.


It was a more appealing offer than the earlier mention of his life.


If there were outstanding sorcerers or supreme masters like Bright Blade King around, he couldn't keep Cheong-ryeong or the evil spirit close.


Seeing Mok Gyeong-un's interest, diviner Jo said,


"How about it? Are you inclined to become my disciple now?"


"If I become your disciple, I can learn what you just mentioned?"


"Of course."


At this, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"Then teach me that technique first. I will become your disciple then."


"Teach you first? Hahahahaha! Teaching it is not difficult at all. But if you want to learn it, you have to swear an oath first."


It wouldn't be that easy.


Mok Gyeong-un licked his lips slightly, having expected he wouldn't readily agree.


diviner Jo took out something else from his waist.


It was a small iron chain.


"Take it."


-Swish!


-Clang!


Mok Gyeong-un caught it and looked puzzled.


Then diviner Jo said,


"Wear that on your wrist and say this: I, Mok Gyeong-un, will become Jo Ui-gong's disciple and follow his will."


"…"


Suspicion clouded Mok Gyeong-un's eyes at those words.


"Wear this iron chain and say it?"


"Yes."


"…It doesn't seem like you're just telling me to do it."


"Of course not. How can I trust and simply accept as a disciple someone who tried to escape despite being practically a hostage?"


"Then what happens if I make that oath?"


The man, now revealed to be diviner Jo Ui-gong, answered with a smile.


"A restriction is imposed."


"Restriction?"


"If you make that oath, you won't be able to harm me in any way. It's almost absolute."


'Of course, you'll have no choice but to obligatorily follow my commands.'


When accepting a disciple he liked, diviner Jo Ui-gong would pass on this Oath Chain.


By staking one's own self and swearing an oath through the Oath Chain, one becomes absolutely unable to refuse his orders.


But he didn't mention that, knowing the fellow wouldn't readily comply if he did.


'How will he respond?'


But the fellow was so suspicious that he might not easily swear the oath.


While he was thinking that, Mok Gyeong-un put on the iron chain and spoke.


"Please keep your promise. I, Mok Gyeong-un, will become Jo Ui-gong's disciple and follow his will."


The moment those words ended,


The iron chain subtly shook and rattled.


Seeing this, Jo Ui-gong raised the corners of his mouth in satisfaction.


'With this, I've got him.'


He was the type who had to obtain what he wanted to feel at ease.


Jo Ui-gong took out something folded in leather from his bosom.


"Take it."


-Swish! Tak!


Mok Gyeong-un snatched it with one hand.


It was titled:


[Corpse Inquiry Secret Manual]


"What is this?"


"It's a sorcery technique I created. Memorize it entirely and return it while we head back to Heaven and Earth Society."


"…You're not keeping your promise?"


"How could that be? The sorcery you want is also in there."


"Thank you."


"Call me Master."


"Thank you, Master."


Pleased with being called Master, diviner Jo Ui-gong got down from the rock he was leaning on, grasped his walking stick, and walked off somewhere.


Mok Gyeong-un said,


"Aren't you going to release the technique you set up?"


If he didn't undo it, he couldn't even take a single step.


In response to this question, diviner Jo Ui-gong smiled and said,


"I'll give you about an hour."


"What?"


"The method to undo the sorcery is also in there, so look for it carefully. If you can't find it and return within that time, quite an arduous situation will unfold. Hahahahaha!"


With those words, diviner Jo Ui-gong entered the forest to the southeast and disappeared.


Mok Gyeong-un let out a soft snicker.


Is he already trying to teach him?


'Interesting.'


He didn't care what method was used.


As long as he could extract what he needed, that was enough.


-Swish!


Not long after, someone lightly descended from the sky.


It was none other than Cheong-ryeong.


-The sorcerer has finally left your side.


Mok Gyeong-un looked at her with suspicion in his eyes.


"You're not a fake, right?"


-Fake? What nonsense are you spouting? More importantly, it was amusing to see you caught in the sorcery, jumping in place alone. You should have done it a bit longer.


"It's really you."


-… On what basis are you so certain it's really me?


"Well… There are reasons."


Should he say it's a feeling?


Cheong-ryeong asked Mok Gyeong-un.


-But why did you do such a thing, unlike your usual self?


"What thing?"


-I'm asking why you made such an oath when that chain seems to contain quite a strong curse.


"To obtain this."


Mok Gyeong-un waved the Corpse Inquiry Secret Manual at her.


She snorted and said,


-You did that to get that sort of thing? Did you suddenly become stupid? Or are you confident you can escape that curse?


"There's no need to escape or anything."


-What?


Mok Gyeong-un casually removed the iron chain he had on his arm.


She frowned and asked,


-Is it originally that easy to take off?


"No. In the first place, an oath is something you have to swear by staking your own name."


-Ha!


At those words, Cheong-ryeong finally understood why Mok Gyeong-un had made such an oath.


Mok Gyeong-un wasn't his real name in the first place.


Naturally, there was no way the oath would be established and a curse imposed.


'So that's how it is.'


That brat wouldn't do something detrimental just to learn sorcery.


-Since you got what you wanted, are you going to attempt to escape again?


"… I was considering it, but now I'm conflicted."


-Changed your mind?


"Yes. I'm thinking it might be better to enter the darkest place."


Although the risk was significant, in a way, it was the darkest place.


Cheong-ryeong showed a peculiar gaze at Mok Gyeong-un's words.


Mok Gyeong-un asked,


"Seems like you have something to say. I also had something I wanted to ask."


-What kind of sophistry is saying you have something to ask when you say I seem to have something to say?


"I mean I want to ask first."


-What is it?


"Why do they think it's real after seeing the sword techniques you showed, not the Eight Postures of Destruction?"


That was something he had been curious about.


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Cheong-ryeong closed her mouth.


-…


"Do you not want to tell me?"


-Phew.


She silently smoked her pipe and exhaled the smoke.


Usually, such a reaction meant she had no intention of telling him.


Mok Gyeong-un shrugged his shoulders.


"Well, if that's the case, there's nothing I can do."


-…


"I need to take a look at this for now. That way, both the evil spirit and Cheong-ryeong can be by my side…"


-Are you really going there?


"What?"


-To Heaven and Earth Society.


At her somewhat serious question, Mok Gyeong-un recalled the gaze on the rooftop.


Those blood-red eyes seemed as if they would dye everything in blood.


But even now, that fury slightly shows.


"Depending on the situation."


-… How coincidental.


"What is?"


-The situation.


"Hmm. What are you trying to say?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong exhaled a long puff of smoke and extended her hand to Mok Gyeong-un, saying,


-If you're really going there, become my disciple.


"… Hm."


Mok Gyeong-un scratched his head.


Today, he seemed to hear people telling him to become their disciple here and there.


He even heard it from Cheong-ryeong of all people.


"Uh… I don't know your reason for saying that, but there's no need for a master-disciple relationship between us…"


-The weight is different.


"What?"


-Becoming my disciple means you will bear the karma of the moon and carry out a bloody purge.