Chapter 57: Corpse Blood Valley (3)

There is a saying that if you lose your momentum, it's over.


The burly-looking boy had his momentum completely crushed by Mok Gyeong-un's cruel hands and couldn't even think of attacking.


No, it would be more accurate to say he felt fear and terror.


To this boy, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smile,


"If you don't hurry, you won't be able to find this."


Mok Gyeong-un shook the blood-soaked iron ball.


Seeing this, the burly-looking boy seemed to have a moment of realization and tried to turn his body and run towards the valley.


However, his legs soon gave out, and he fell.


After falling a few times like that, the boy barely managed to muster strength and enter the valley.


-Splash splash!


But he wasn't the only boy turning his body like this.


About three boys were returning to the valley with startled faces, and they too had aimed for the first iron ball like the burly boy.


However, they also became terrified of Mok Gyeong-un.


'… He's completely crazy.'


'No matter what, this is too much.'


'He killed without hesitation to snatch it just to survive.'


Moreover, the way he killed was enough to make one click their tongue.


A fear was etched that if they attacked recklessly, they too might end up like that.


"Ah…"


There was someone who let out an exclamation while watching this scene.


He was the man in the demon mask called Valley Master by the warriors in red belts.


A warrior next to the demon mask said to him,


"… Looks like we've got a real piece here."


"Indeed."


"I don't think I've ever seen it progress like this before. The real weeding out should have started with that one iron ball."


This wasn't simply about who found the iron ball first.


Making the number of iron balls less than the number of people and extinguishing the torches were all calculated actions.


The first iron ball was the signal flare for the weeding out process.


A fight would break out to claim that one, and through this, everyone would realize.


It didn't end with just finding the iron ball.


The real key was how to protect it and bring it to the incense burner.


But the beginning had changed.


"By the way, not only is his hand technique remarkable, but his strength is no joke. To rip out a throat so easily even with the qi channels sealed by the Forbidden Gate Lock."


Most of the warriors were amazed by Mok Gyeong-un's cruel hand techniques and strength.


However, the demon mask was intrigued from a different perspective.


'To obtain the iron ball without getting a single drop of water on his clothes.'


It was the first time since taking charge of the Corpse Blood Valley.


It was a case of acquiring the iron ball without even entering the water.


Since an example was made by killing one person and a time limit was set by lighting the incense stick, no matter how cunning one was, they would typically jump into the valley water first.


But even though everyone else ran, that fellow stayed in his spot alone.


'It means he aimed for it from the beginning… Interesting.'


Has there ever been such a cunning fellow while conducting this gateway?


It was something that couldn't be done without considerable boldness.


Thinking this way, even his cruel hand technique seemed to be intentionally calculated.


Meanwhile, Mok Gyeong-un approached the front of the incense burner.


"Is this enough?"


Mok Gyeong-un showed the blood-stained iron ball to the demon mask sitting on the rock.


The demon mask nodded and shouted.


Then he opened his mouth.


"You… What is your name?"


'!!!'


At that question, the eyes of the surrounding warriors sparkled with interest.


That's because it was quite rare for the demon mask, the Valley Master, to show interest to the extent of asking for a name in the mere first gateway of the Corpse Blood Valley.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un replied,


"Mok Gyeong-un."


At those words, the eyes visible through the gaps in the mask narrowed.


'Mok Gyeong-un?'


Since the number of people reached eight hundred, he wasn't accurately aware of each individual.


But he remembered the name Mok Gyeong-un.


It was because he had received an order to have him join late.


'… Is he one of the two from the Mok family who were brought as hostages?'


This was another surprise.


He naturally thought he would be from a place with a notorious reputation among the Esoteric Realm Gate, Vermilion Slaughter Valley, Demon Fire Hall, or the recruited groups.


But to hear he was from Yeon Mok Sword Manor, known as a righteous and famous martial family.


The demon mask recalled what had happened just half an hour ago.


[What? You're saying to have the boys from Yeon Mok Sword Manor who were brought as hostages also join the Corpse Blood Valley?]


[It's the leader's order.]


[I will naturally obey if it's an order, but are you sure? It's not a place those weak boys from a righteous faction can endure.]


[That's not something you need to be concerned about, so follow the order.]


He thought it was fine if they intended to torment them a bit and then kill them.


But seeing this, his thoughts changed.


As expected, the leader couldn't have sent them without a reason.


'So this was it. But unexpected.'


If he hadn't known the fact that he was from Yeon Mok Sword Manor, he never would have thought he was from the righteous faction.


Everything from the aura he exuded to everything else was rather closer to this side.


'I'll know if I watch him.'


If he's a fellow closer to this side, he will survive somehow in the Corpse Blood Valley, known as hell.


The demon mask, who had been staring intently at Mok Gyeong-un, took something out from his bosom.


Then,


"Take it."


he flicked it towards Mok Gyeong-un with his finger.


-Swish!


What he flicked with his finger flew accurately towards Mok Gyeong-un's chest.


Mok Gyeong-un caught it with one hand.


'This is?'


It was a thin, round silver plaque with the character "One" engraved on it.


"It's a plaque proving you passed this gateway with the highest score. Keep it along with the iron ball you brought."


'Gateway? Highest score?'


Mok Gyeong-un inwardly wondered as he looked at the silver plaque.


From the use of the term "highest score," he could infer one fact.


'Is it a competition?'


[Listen carefully. The probability of surviving intact in the Corpse Blood Valley is less than one in ten.]


Based on what diviner Jo Ui-gong had said, it seemed to be a structure of surviving through competition.


Two had already died.


No, if his prediction was correct, a bloody competition would soon begin.


-Splash splash!


Mok Gyeong-un's prediction was spot on.


Someone else had found an iron ball.


Since some had seen the first boy who found it foolishly cheering and causing trouble, they didn't do such a thing this time.


The moment they found it, they ran out of the valley water.


It was certainly the right choice, but,


"Looks like that guy found it!"


"Catch him!"


He stood out too much.


Running out of the valley water alone naturally drew attention.


More than a dozen people rushed at the same time to catch the guy.


"Shit!"


It was a chaotic scene of running away.


But then, someone jumped out of the water, grabbed the guy's neck, and twisted it like Mok Gyeong-un had done.


-Crack! Splash!


With that, the second death occurred.


After snatching the iron ball from the dead guy, he gestured at the charging boys and warned,


"Come at me if you want to die."


The 18-year-old boy who had taken off his top had a sturdy body, with bizarre patterns drawn all over his upper body.


The boys who recognized this couldn't charge at him in anger.


"Shit!"


"It's the Vermilion Slaughter Valley."


Vermilion Slaughter Valley.


It was one of the three most notorious groups under Heaven and Earth Society.


Despite having only about thirty disciples, each and every one of them was a formidable master, and everyone found them creepy and feared them for their unique martial arts and secret techniques.


"What a bunch of cowards."


The boy, who ran a hand through his hair, spoke in a disappointed tone and strode towards the incense burner.


As the boy brushed past Mok Gyeong-un, he whispered,


"Don't think you'll stay ahead in the next gateway."


It was a clear declaration.


In response, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged his shoulders.


He had no desire to waste energy on unnecessary things.


'If he annoys me…'


He licked his upper lip as if his interest was piqued.


This place seemed quite nice.


Because he didn't have to be mindful of killing like at Yeon Mok Sword Manor.


The boy from the Vermilion Slaughter Valley, who didn't see Mok Gyeong-un's face, went to the front of the incense burner and showed the iron ball to the demon mask.


"Pass!"


In the meantime, chaos erupted here and there near the valley water.


Those who found iron balls appeared one after another, and as they ran towards the incense burner, the boys who were desperate from not finding them rushed in, and fights broke out.


And those fights went beyond simply subduing each other, creating a situation of killing and being killed.


"It has begun."


At the warrior's words, the demon mask nodded and looked in that direction.


At the point where two had already died, the boys no longer hesitated to harm and kill each other.


The area near the valley water was a complete pandemonium.


-Pu-pu-pu-pu-puk!


"Kuk!"


Amidst that, there were a few who stood out.


A beautiful girl with short hair and a pale face found a sharp-shaped rock somewhere and was advancing forward, mercilessly stabbing those who charged at her.


Despite not being able to use internal energy, her movements were so fast that the charging boys were helplessly defeated.


"I know who that wench is."


"It's the Demon Fire Hall."


"You recognized her."


How could he not recognize her?


That swift and efficient dagger technique that only targeted vital points.


It was the Linked Killing of the Demon Fire Hall.


Although they are now called the Three Great Assassin Groups, the Demon Fire Hall was once called the Four Great Assassin Groups.


However, they quit the assassin business and came under Heaven and Earth Society.


"Impressive."


She only grasped a sharp rock, but if her internal energy seal was released, it was enough to have expectations.


While that was happening, the demon mask pointed at someone with his hand.


"That boy seems to be from the Esoteric Realm Gate."


"Oh my!"


An exclamation slipped from the warrior's mouth.


A boy with a muscular and sturdy physique was charging forward like a bull, and the boys he collided with couldn't withstand it and were sent flying.


-Pu-pu-pu-pu-puk!


The Esoteric Realm Gate was renowned for their external technique called Iron Thread Technique, and indeed, perhaps because they trained their external energy instead of internal energy, his physical strength was tremendous.


"Hoo hoo."


The boy from the Esoteric Realm Gate, who had pushed away all the numerous charging boys and arrived.


"Pass!"


And following him, the girl from the Demon Fire Hall also arrived.


"Pass!"


Like this, in addition to them, boys arrived one by one in front of the incense burner, engaging in a bloody fight to claim the iron balls.


Among them, there was a boy who had been waiting for this moment.


This boy had actually obtained an iron ball before anyone else, but he had been waiting for it to become a chaotic battle, fearing that he would become a target if he came out when no one had found it yet.


The boy ran to the front of the incense burner with great difficulty, held up the iron ball, and shouted,


"I found it."


The boy smiled, the corners of his mouth twitching.


In fact, before the iron ball search began, the boy had secretly taken the one embedded in the forehead of the boy who had been killed by the demon mask for raising a question.


'Stupid fools. There was such an easy way.'


It seemed foolish that no one was aware of this.


While he was thinking that, the demon mask shouted,


"Fail!"


"What?"


"It's exactly as I said."


What does this mean?


Why did he not pass?


He couldn't understand.


"Wh-why? I clearly found the iron ball, so why…"


-Swish!


At that moment, something sharp brushed past his neck.


Soon, the boy's head fell to the ground.


"I'm sure I told you not to question the orders."


-Clang!


The warrior in the red belt who had decapitated him muttered and sheathed his sword into the scabbard at his waist.


-Thud!


As the boy fell with his neck severed, the iron ball dropped from his hand and rolled on the ground.


The rolling iron ball stopped in front of Mok Gyeong-un, who had passed first and was sitting close to the incense burner.


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un looked at the iron ball he was holding and chuckled.


[Sixty-three]


The iron ball Mok Gyeong-un had was engraved with the small letters "sixty-three."


However, the decapitated boy's iron ball had nothing engraved on it.


He had used his wits but unluckily lost his head.


On the other hand,


'Should I say I was lucky?'


In fact, Mok Gyeong-un had also tried to extract the iron ball from the forehead of the boy who had died for raising a question before the start.


But someone had already taken it in that short time, so he had changed his method.


Thanks to that, he could be considered fortunate.


However, this feeling didn't last long.


Rather, Mok Gyeong-un licked his lips, regretting the feast unfolding before his eyes.


-Waft waft!


As people died one after another due to the bloody fight over the iron balls, the energy of death overflowed all around.


If only his qi channels weren't sealed by the Forbidden Gate Lock, he would have performed the reverse qi circulation right away.


'Hmm.'


But did he really need to gather this energy through qi circulation?


Out of curiosity, Mok Gyeong-un slightly extended his arm towards the void in the direction where the death energy was flowing and chanted the oral secrets in his mind.


'Boundless and unceasing… The two energies combine to form the heart…'


It was the Art of Binding technique.