Chapter 60: Flags (2)

-Crack! Thud!


'!!!!!!'


The sight of Sohwa dying with her neck twisted left the teammates momentarily speechless.


Since they had all gathered around her as their center, this death was all the more perplexing.


Among them, one boy couldn't hold back and shouted,


"Y-you crazy bastard, what are you doing?"


No one had anticipated this situation.


They had only thought to somehow use him and then discard him, trusting her.


They still had stamina left and were watching with their own eyes, yet this happened right in front of them.


Mok Gyeong-un said, the corners of his mouth twitching,


"Should I say it's a delightful mealtime?"


"What nonsense are you spouting!"


Another boy seemed to have come to his senses and retorted to Mok Gyeong-un's words.


Then, signaling to the other boys with his eyes,


-Rumble rumble!


the six of them surrounded Mok Gyeong-un in a circle.


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un slightly tilted his head and opened his mouth.


"Unexpected."


"What?"


"I thought you would be in disarray like bees following a queen bee."


'!?'


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, the boys' expressions twisted fiercely.


He had described them as fools infatuated with Sohwa, the sole girl, and unable to break free, so what fool wouldn't understand that?


"You bastard, kill him…"


"Don't get riled up!"


One boy shouted.


Then, taking a stance with his fists towards Mok Gyeong-un, he said,


"Don't get agitated and fall for his scheme. Even if Sohwa is dead, the advantage is ours."


"You're right. I almost fell for his trick."


If they got excited and attacked one by one, they might be picked off instead.


The sealing of internal energy was the same condition, but the fact that he did this meant he had some confidence in dealing with them.


"We'll subdue him with a coordinated attack. And let's kill him painfully as the price for killing Sohwa."


"Alright!"


Mok Gyeong-un chuckled.


"What a display of friendship."


-Pak!


As soon as he finished speaking, Mok Gyeong-un kicked the ground.


The dirt rose up to knee height, and Mok Gyeong-un's body instantly reached right in front of the boy facing him.


'Wh-what?'


The startled boy tried to block Mok Gyeong-un with a push kick.


However,


-Grip! Rip!


Mok Gyeong-un snatched the boy's ankle with one hand and pulled it.


At that moment, the boy's balance crumbled, and his body was tilted backward.


"Ugh!"


He knew Mok Gyeong-un was strong, but this was beyond expectations.


Mok Gyeong-un, who had pulled the boy's ankle, swung the boy's body towards another boy right next to him.


-Whoosh!


'Shit!'


The surprised boy hurriedly ducked to avoid it.


But that wasn't the end.


Using the centrifugal force to spin around once, this time he turned downward,


-Thud!


"Ack!"


And smashed the head of the crouching boy with the head of the boy whose ankle he was holding.


The two heads collided so hard that the sound of something breaking was heard.


It seemed both boys had their skulls shattered.


'What the …. is this guy?'


Two were taken out in an instant.


What kind of strength does he have that he's so strong without even using internal energy?


"A-attack simultaneously!"


As one boy shouted, two boys charged at Mok Gyeong-un.


One aimed a kick at his face, while the other slid on the ground from the opposite side, targeting Mok Gyeong-un's ankles.


This way, his balance would be broken no matter what.


Or so they thought, but,


-Pak! Whirl whirl whirl!


Mok Gyeong-un instantly kicked the ground and spun his body like a top in mid-air to avoid it, and then,


-Swish! Thwack!


"Argh!"


He stomped on the crown of the sliding boy's head with the top of his foot.


-Thud!


The boy, who had hit his chin on the ground, rolled his eyes back and lost consciousness.


"You bastard!"


Momentarily surprised, the boy who had aimed for his face didn't miss this chance and kicked the left leg Mok Gyeong-un was supporting his body with to knock him over.


However,


-Thwack!


"Ack!"


The boy grabbed his ankle and staggered.


He was clearly the one who had kicked, but his ankle hurt as if it would break.


'Wh-what the ….?'


"What are you doing!"


Taken aback by the sight of the staggering boy, another boy ran towards Mok Gyeong-un, intending to smash his head with a sharp rock.


But before he could do that, Mok Gyeong-un kicked the boy's ankle.


-Thwack!


"Ack!"


The kicked boy's leg shot up, and his body tilted in the opposite direction and fell.


-Thud!


In that instant, Mok Gyeong-un stepped on the boy's neck.


-Crack!


The boy, whose neck was twisted, died on the spot.


Seeing this, the staggering boy and the only boy who hadn't attacked couldn't hide their bewilderment.


Four were taken out in an instant.


Although their internal energy was sealed, they had also learned martial arts and had a numerical advantage, so they thought they could somehow subdue him.


But that expectation was completely off the mark.


'This crazy…'


This guy's pure strength alone was close to the second-rate level.


Only then did they feel regret.


When Sohwa suggested bringing him in, they should have somehow stopped her.


They had messed with the wrong person.


"Aaaah!"


At that moment, the only boy who hadn't attacked chose to flee.


He had no confidence in dealing with that monster-like guy.


If five of them had attacked and failed, how could he handle it alone?


'That bast…'


The boy with the twisted ankle cursed inwardly at the fleeing boy.


But even though he cursed, he understood.


Now, running away was the right choice…


-Swish!


At that moment, the boy with the twisted ankle's eyes widened.


"Gasp!"


-Thud!


The ankle of the boy who had been running to escape was pulled back, and he fell.


What the …. is going on? While wondering, he saw Mok Gyeong-un extending his hand towards the fallen boy and making a pulling gesture.


Then,


-Rip!


at that moment, the boy's leg, no, his body was being dragged backward.


'!!!!!!'


It was an unbelievable sight.


'S-Seizing Objects in Mid-Air?'


Seizing Objects in Mid-Air[1].


It is a technique where a profound internal energy master pulls objects or desired things with true energy.


Seeing something that only a supreme master at the peak of transcendence could do being performed right in front of his eyes, the boy couldn't help but be shocked.


'No way.'


What the …. is going on?


Not only is he doing this, but his internal energy should definitely be sealed, right?


It was a moment of confusion.


"N-no, no!"


-Skid skid skid!


The fallen boy tried to hold onto the ground somehow to resist, but he was dragged, leaving long nail marks.


The ankle of that boy was caught by Mok Gyeong-un's outstretched hand.


-Pak!


-Crack!


"Aaaargh!"


As soon as he grabbed the ankle, Mok Gyeong-un twisted it.


The boy, whose ankle was bent in the opposite direction, screamed, but Mok Gyeong-un stepped on the back of his neck.


-Crack!


The screaming boy's breath was cut off.


'Aaah.'


The face of the boy with the twisted ankle, who had been watching this, turned deathly pale.


They had really messed with someone they shouldn't have.


The term monster didn't fit him; evil spirit was more appropriate.


How could such a guy exist?


Even if the seal on his internal energy was released, could he handle this evil spirit who could use Seizing Objects in Mid-Air?


-Tremble tremble!


His body was shaking violently.


He wanted to regain his balance, but his legs went weak, and he fell.


-Thud!


Mok Gyeong-un turned his head towards him, smiled, and walked over.


Then, bending his knees and lowering his body, he said,


"Ah. What did you say just now?"


"Sp-spare…"


-Tap!


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un grabbed the boy's head.


The boy screamed and tried to shake off his hand, but,


-Crack!


Mok Gyeong-un twisted the boy's neck.


Then, looking into the eyes of the boy who had died with his head twisted, he smirked.


"It's good that I don't give false hope, right?"


With those words, Mok Gyeong-un, holding the dead boy's head, chanted the oral secrets of the Art of Binding technique in his mind.


It was a delightful mealtime.


He had to absorb the death energy when the loss was minimal.


...


-Ta-ta-ta-ta-tak!


'D-damn, he's completely crazy.'


The running boy.


The boy was trembling because of the scene he had just witnessed.


He had heard screams while keeping his distance and was startled, so he had approached closer, but he was terrified upon seeing that sight.


He hadn't even gotten close to the flag, but Sohwa and her teammates had been indiscriminately killed.


No, it was almost at the level of a massacre.


'An evil spirit. An evil spirit.'


Moreover, was his internal energy really sealed?


It seemed like it wasn't.


In the end, that looked like Seizing Objects in Mid-Air, pulling with true energy no matter how he looked at it.


'Does that make sense?'


A technique that only a profound internal energy master could perform, yet a guy who's not even seventeen years old can do it?


It was utterly confusing.


But even though his mind was in turmoil, one thing was certain.


'I have to let them know.'


Whether it was the other guys or the people of the Corpse Blood Valley conducting this gateway, he had to inform them.


He's already a dangerous guy, but if he's the only one whose internal energy isn't sealed, it's no different from cheating…


-Pak!


At that moment, as if he had collided with something, the boy's body was thrown backward.


Startled, the boy performed a falling technique, turned around, took a stance, and looked ahead with surprised eyes.


But he couldn't see anything.


what the ….?


'What did I collide with?'


Puzzled, he stood up and unconsciously turned his head.


At that moment,


"Gasp!"


the boy screamed and fell backward.


'Th-this…'


The boy doubted his own eyes.


In front of his eyes, there was a blurry form of something, and it was a giant monk wearing a skull rosary around his neck.


The Demonic Monk was looking down at him with white eyes, and it felt like his heart would stop.