Chapter 74: Team Leader (1)

'Could it be?'


Yeom Ga of the Vermillion Slaughter Cave frowned, feeling uneasy inside.


The reaction to Mok Gyeong-un's words about it being a sword formation was unusual.


If it wasn't the case, there would have been no reason to react like that in the first place.


'That can't be.'


Yeom Ga denied it inwardly.


A sword formation, as the name suggests, is a formation deployed using swords.


Formations typically have fixed rules and precise variations in stances to interlock with each other, which was difficult to achieve with just the sword technique verses.


That meant the verses' stances had to be adapted, but this was impossible to envision in one's head just by looking at the verses unless one was at a considerable level.


'Is that guy such a master of the sword?'


To be able to notice this just from the verses, one had to be a sword master of the caliber of the Vermillion Slaughter Cave's Valley Master, Yeom Ga's father.


That's why Yeom Ga hoped it wasn't the case.


However, contrary to his wish…


"Why do you think it's a sword formation?"


The demon mask asked Mok Gyeong-un in a serious tone.


Mok Gyeong-un then nonchalantly said,


"Judging by how the stances of the sword technique adhere to the basics and each one is arranged so that the movement paths don't overlap, I thought it could be demonstrated as a sword formation."


"The movement paths don't overlap...."


The demon mask's eyes narrowed.


Even if one could physically demonstrate the sword technique multiple times or visualize the sword in one's mind, it was quite difficult to trace the movement paths to the point of combining them into a sword formation.


It was more than observing one's own movements.


"Hmm."


The demon mask stroked his chin.


To be honest, it was hard to believe.


A guy who was merely 17 or 18 years old had insight on par with someone who had reached the pinnacle of swordsmanship?


Of course, if he possessed innate talent, it could be possible.


However…


'Those hands....'


The palms of Mok Gyeong-un's hands that the demon mask was looking at were not like that at all.


Those were not the hands of an exceptional swordsman.


The shape of a swordsman's thumb, index finger, and pinky naturally changed after gripping a sword for a long time.


But looking at Mok Gyeong-un's hands, there weren't even any calluses on his thumbs.


'Those aren't the hands of someone who has mastered the sword.'


Yet such insight emerged from him.


If a sword master had given him pointers, it would be understandable.


But there was no way such a person existed here in Corpse Blood Valley.


That's why it was even more puzzling.


Was this guy's discernment really on par with someone who had reached the pinnacle of swordsmanship?


The demon mask, who had been staring intently at Mok Gyeong-un, said,


"If a sword formation were to be deployed with this verse, how many people do you think would be most efficient?"


It was already impressive that he had guessed it was a sword formation.


But could he really figure this out as well?


If he got this right too, one could truly say his insight regarding the sword was on par with a master.


At this question, Mok Gyeong-un remained still for a moment and then answered,


"Eight."


The demon mask's eyes flickered with interest at those words.


He had accurately stated the minimum number required to deploy a sword formation.


Then Mok Gyeong-un continued,


"Sixteen or thirty-two should also be possible."


"...…"


At those words, a small gasp escaped the demon mask's mouth.


It would have been impressive if he had only said eight, but he even accurately guessed the numbers that could form the sword formation.


"Do you think it would be difficult to go beyond that?"


"If they were to combine, the formation would start to overlap from that point on."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, the demon mask sincerely clicked his tongue.


The Heaven and Earth Eight Resonance Formation.


That was the name of this formation.


It was an absolute formation based on the variations of the Eight Trigrams, developed by the previous Society Leader of the Heaven and Earth Society, allowing sixteen to thirty-two swordsmen to launch a combined attack.


'Look at this guy.'


He even got this right.


Did he really possess the eyes and insight of a swordsman who had reached the pinnacle?


If that was the case, he was genuinely intrigued.


'.....'


He didn't care at all that Mok Gyeong-un was from an upright martial arts family.


The demon mask, who had been staring intently at Mok Gyeong-un, licked his lips.


He wanted to satisfy that greed right away, but now, during the ongoing examination, was not the time.


-Smack!


The demon mask threw something at Mok Gyeong-un.


Mok Gyeong-un caught it and opened his palm to find a silver tablet with the character "Two" engraved on it.


The demon mask said,


"You are also the second-place scorer."


-Murmur murmur!


At those words, the boys watching this stirred.


With Mok Gyeong-un claiming the second-place position following the first, it naturally became a topic of discussion.


Just who was this guy?


What was his background that he had already taken the second-place position?


-Grit!


Yeom Ga of the Vermillion Slaughter Cave gnashed his teeth.


He had naturally thought the second place would be his, but he didn't expect it to be snatched away like this.


He was one of the three most promising disciples from the major factions in this Corpse Blood Valley.


But now he looked pathetic.


'.....Mok Gyeong-un.'


That guy's name was completely etched into his mind.


It seemed like he would only feel better if he could somehow get back at him for this humiliation.


'Just wait and see.'


Once the Golden Gate Lock sealing his energy points were removed, that guy better be prepared.


As they were doing so, the demon mask spoke,


"I sincerely congratulate the eighty of you who have passed the second gate. You have gained the qualifications to become middle-rank warriors of our Heaven and Earth Society."


'Middle-rank warriors!'


At his words, exhilaration filled the eyes of some boys.


That was because starting from middle-rank warriors, the treatment within the Heaven and Earth Society changed.


Among the middle-rank warriors, those with exceptional skills could gain the qualification to lead a unit of low-rank warriors as a unit leader.


The demon mask continued speaking to them, whose eyes had come alive despite their exhaustion.


"To be a middle-rank warrior, one must have the ability to lead a unit and be able to execute a sword formation. As you just heard, the verse on the flag is the verse of a sword technique that requires at least eight people to deploy as a sword formation."


At those words, everyone's eyes flickered with interest.


The examination wasn't simply composed of extreme trials.


From the beginning, there was a reason why they had to be divided into teams of eight.


"Now, if you have a keen eye, you should be able to guess what the third gate is."


"...…"


"You there."


At the demon mask's nod, a boy abruptly stood up from his seat.


"Yes!"


"What do you think the third gate is?"


"That's..."


"Speak properly."


"It's for the eight members who passed to deploy a sword formation and eliminate the target!"


At the boy's words, most of them nodded slightly, thinking the same thing.


That was the only thing they could guess at this point.


As they were doing so, the demon mask gestured for him to sit down and opened his mouth.


"Correct. The third gate is for a team of eight to perfectly deploy a sword formation and eliminate the target."


At his words, the boys inwardly felt relieved.


The first and second gates had made them harm each other and exhausted them mentally and physically.


If they were told to do it twice, it would be an experience they never wanted to go through again.


"However, there are conditions and restrictions here as well."


'Conditions and restrictions?'


"First, you will be given a day of rest, so decide on a team leader during that time. Of course, you must also form a team of eight, including the team leader."


'Huh?'


At the demon mask's words, the boys furrowed their brows.


This meant that the eight who had defended the flag didn't necessarily have to be on the same team.


In this case, they could reorganize the teams.


'Great!'


At this, a few openly cheered.


Among them were Yeom Ga of the Vermillion Slaughter Cave and Mok Yu-cheon.


In fact, most of them who had been inwardly dreading being on the same team as Mok Gyeong-un again showed similar reactions.


"By the way, the one who becomes the team leader naturally passes the third gate regardless of the sword formation test, and…"


-Swoosh!


The demon mask took out a square wooden tablet that looked like an identity plate from his bosom and showed it.


The words "Unit Leader" were engraved on it.


'Oh? Could it be?'


'Unit Leader's plate?'


The boys' eyes focused on the wooden tablet.


Then the demon mask chuckled and continued,


"They will also be given the qualification of a unit leader."


'!!!!!!'


At the demon mask's words, the boys couldn't hide their excitement even though their mouths were closed.


Only a select few among the middle-rank warriors who had the qualifications of a senior could become unit leaders.


But were they deciding the unit leaders here?


However, a question arose in everyone's mind as they were getting excited.


'Then won't everyone want to be the team leader?'


Who among those who had come this far wouldn't want to be the team leader?


Realizing this, sighs of distress naturally mixed into the boys' breaths.


They thought this gate might be a bit better, but in the end, it seemed like they would have to fight again.


'Damn it.'


'There are eighty people, so only eight will qualify.'


'Even that's uncertain.'


'If someone dies while fighting for the team leader position, that team will be eliminated.'


If even one person met with an accident, seven others would be eliminated together.


It couldn't be considered easier than the second gate by any means.


As they were doing so, the demon mask spoke,


"Now I will state the restriction."


"...…."


"The restriction is no killing."


'!?'


At those words, everyone was puzzled.


Did the restriction of no killing literally mean they couldn't kill each other?


Everyone looked at the demon mask in confusion.


They thought he would clarify the reason behind it.


However…


"That is all."


'That's it?'


'So we have to decide on a team leader without killing?'


Everyone was dumbfounded by the simple yet different restriction compared to before.


On the other hand, Mok Gyeong-un smacked his lips as if he was disappointed.


He thought he could enjoy it like the second gate, but with the restriction on killing, the fun was gone.


'....This guy. Why is he disappointed?'


Seeing his reaction, the boys next to him clicked their tongues inwardly.


Shouldn't he consider it fortunate instead?


At least in this gate, there wouldn't be any loss of life.


-Clank!


At that moment, the red-belted warriors began taking out a peculiar-shaped iron object from a wooden box.


The demon mask pointed at it and said,


"Before heading to the lodgings beyond the mountain, we will collect the Golden Gate Lock."


'Ah!'


At those words, everyone's expressions brightened.


They had been wondering how long they would have to wear the Golden Gate Lock, but they were finally being freed from them.


The restriction of not being able to use inner energy made them more uncomfortable than they had thought.


'Finally.'


The lips of Yeom Ga of the Vermillion Slaughter Cave twitched.


He had waited so long, and the restriction on his inner energy was finally being lifted.


Yeom Ga glared intensely at the back of Mok Gyeong-un's head in front of him.


He couldn't respond to that strange technique due to the restriction on his inner energy, but now that the restriction was being lifted, the situation would change.


'I'll make you crawl between my legs.'


The restriction on killing was in place, but it didn't matter.


As long as he didn't kill him, it was fine.


Thinking about this, his mood became so good that the corners of his mouth curled up cruelly.


...


Beyond the mountain, there was a lodging building where they could rest.


It was structured so that two people could rest in one room, so the boys each found someone they liked and chose their rooms.


It didn't take very long.


During this one-day rest period, the behavioral tendencies of the boys were divided into two.


The boys of the first tendency ate the snacks prepared in the room to satisfy their hunger, and then, without exception, they all began circulating their energy.


They had fought a bloody battle all night, exhausting their minds and bodies, so they tried to restore their bodies to normal as much as possible through energy circulation.


The boys of the second tendency were different from them.


Although they also had a strong desire to rest, they judged that it was better to move first and secure teammates.


Therefore, they attempted to approach the boys who were originally on the same team as them or those they had in mind.


They were making a move in advance as the competition would intensify soon.


And here, a third tendency also existed.


-Crack!


Yeom Ga of the Vermillion Slaughter Cave, who had satisfied his hunger, stretched his body.


He strongly wanted to circulate his energy like that guy sitting on the bed out of fatigue, but he judged that now was the right time, so he had to hurry.


'Now is the chance.'


His target was that bastard Mok Gyeong-un.


As long as he didn't kill him, he could turn him into a cripple, and then he wouldn't have to worry starting from this gate.


The other guys couldn't match up to him anyway.


However, that guy's strange technique and his unusually annoying presence bothered him.


'So I'll strike first.'


Now that the restriction was lifted, he was confident.


Although that guy had learned a strange technique, Yeom Ga had reached the Peak Realm and had also mastered the Vermillion Slaughter Cave's secret arts.


'Then, shall we start the hunt?'


After stretching, Yeom Ga grabbed the door and opened it.


However…


'!?'


Mok Gyeong-un was standing in front of the door with a smile on his face.


"You..."


"Oh my. It seems we had the same thought."


A smile filled with malice.


For a moment, Yeom Ga, who had been confidently stepping out, felt a chill run down his spine.