Chapter 79: Silent Strides (2)

Silent Strides (暗踐).


It was a secret organization created by the Righteous Alliance, which could be called the main axis of righteousness.


Only a very small number of people within the Righteous Alliance knew the exact time of its establishment, and not many knew exactly what they did.


Those who knew about Silent Strides called them the shadow of the Righteous Alliance.


They were in charge of tasks that should not be revealed in the unseen darkness, so they could never rise to the light.


Within Silent Strides, there was an even more special group.


The 4th (jeong) Group (丁團), which existed apart from the regular groups: the 1st (gap) Group (甲團 – Internal Audit), the 2nd (eul) Group (乙團 – Intelligence), and the 3rd (byeong) Group (丙團 – Assassination).


[Monsters.]


Even among the agents of Silent Strides, that's what they were called.


This included a measure of the strength of the 4th group agents, but there was another reason as well.


It was because they were different from ordinary humans.


Neung Hwa-yang, the vice-commander of the 13th Squad of the 4th group.


She was also one of the members and one of the three 4th group agents dispatched for this mission.


[It's a request from the 2nd group. Show the skills of the 4th group agents.]


Corpse Blood Valley was a mission that the 2nd group had failed several times.


That's why the 4th group sent agents this time to achieve results in the intelligence field as well.


Neung Hwa-yang snapped her fingers and gestured seductively to Mok Gyeong-un.


"Let's have a conversation with our bodies."


'Mok Gyeong-un.'


Thanks to that guy, seven of the dispatched agents lost their lives.


Because of this, an order was given.


[Sever his tendons and destroy his danjeon.]


It wasn't a difficult task.


The task she had been specializing in was assassinating important figures.


Especially in the case of men, it was even easier.


With a little seduction, they would fall for it and embrace her, so she could enjoy it moderately, and all that was left was to take their lives as a finish.


'He's quite handsome.'


This was the first time she had seen him up close.


But seeing his face, he was extremely handsome beyond being good-looking.


Although he was smiling, there was a sense of decadence, and in many ways, it was a face that women would like.


'What a pity.'


It was a waste to enjoy it once and then make him a cripple.


However, there was no choice for the sake of the mission.


Not only did agents die because of this guy, but he was also the most disruptive factor for future missions.


-Thud!


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un closed the slightly open door.


Then, he slowly walked over and said,


"What is this conversation with the body?"


"Why are you asking when you know?"


She spat out the words in a coquettish tone and sat on the bed, slightly crossing her legs.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and approached, saying,


"I really don't know."


"Are you pretending to be naive? Or are you deliberately trying to tire me out?"


"Who knows."


Mok Gyeong-un stood right in front of her, two steps away.


Neung Hwa-yang raised the corners of her mouth with a smile.


What man wouldn't fall for it when a woman with such curves is naked?


She thought he would be no exception.


-Swish!


Neung Hwa-yang naturally stretched one of her legs toward Mok Gyeong-un.


The tip of her foot was aimed at his crotch.


It was to stimulate him.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un grabbed the tip of her foot.


Then, kneeling down, he gently stroked her ankle.


A glint appeared in Neung Hwa-yang's eyes.


'He doesn't seem to be naive.'


No matter how handsome he was, she thought he might be a naive virgin since he was a boy who wasn't even an adult yet.


In that case, it wouldn't be fun.


When using her body to eliminate or deal with the target, shouldn't she enjoy it to some extent?


It seemed she could put aside that concern.


"Haa."


She deliberately exhaled roughly.


There was no way she would get excited just by the act of stroking her ankle, but making such sounds was to stimulate the man.


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un's hand moved from her ankle, past her shin and knee, all the way up to her thigh.


As his hand reached her thigh, her eyes also became sensual.


It seemed she could properly enjoy it.


'It won't be bad for you either.'


Before becoming a cripple, being able to hold a woman like this could be considered a reward of sorts.


Neung Hwa-yang spoke in a coquettish voice.


"You undress too."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un lightly smiled.


Then, instead of continuing to stroke, he crossed his index and middle fingers and walked them up her thigh.


At this, Neung Hwa-yang's face reddened.


This guy seemed to have some experience despite being young.


Most men had no foreplay and just went straight for it as soon as she undressed.


But looking at it, this guy seemed to know women.


It would have been less fun if he just pushed in there, especially when she had become dull in that sense.


While that was happening, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"You look delicious."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, she let out a moan and said,


"Haa...I look delicious? Then hurry up and devour me. You don't have to hold back."


Are you excited?


Hearing such words would drive him crazy.


While that was happening, Mok Gyeong-un crossed his two fingers and walked them up, saying,


"I need to savor the taste slowly. Beautiful things should be made to heat up slowly to truly enjoy the flavor."


"Haa…..you...I like you."


"I feel the same. Thinking about the screams that will come out of your heated mouth already makes me tingle."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Neung Hwa-yang was genuinely heated up.


This guy knew how to excite a woman.


Crossing his fingers like that while stimulating her imagination with words, it was making her feel good for the first time in a while.


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un's hand, which had been moving up for a while, reached her smooth stomach.


At this, Neung Hwa-yang smacked her lips as if she was a bit disappointed.


Was he trying to heat her up more?


This guy was an expert.


'Not bad.'


She was curious to see how he would turn out, being called a lunatic.


But to think he was a guy who was so delicate and knew how to treat a woman.


Mok Gyeong-un's hand, which had been gently caressing her abdomen, was now heading toward her voluptuous breasts.


"Haa."


She let out a heavy breath.


To her, Mok Gyeong-un smiled and said,


"It's heating up nicely and softly. I wonder what expression you will make when I peel off the shell of your entire body."


"I'm already completely naked, what more is there to undress here?"


-Swish!


"Right here."


Mok Gyeong-un pulled her skin.


At his words, Neung Hwa-yang momentarily frowned slightly.


What nonsense is he spouting when things were going well?


Does this bastard think he can excite her with these words?


At this, Neung Hwa-yang spoke without showing it.


"You're good at joking too. Hohoho."


"It's not a joke."


"....What?"


Neung Hwa-yang momentarily made an absurd expression.


To her, Mok Gyeong-un raised the corners of his mouth to the point where they almost touched his ears and said,


"From the moment I first saw you, I wanted to peel off your entire skin and see what's inside."


".....Are you saying that to get me excited?"


"Aren't you excited?"


"Are you kidding me?"


"I once peeled off the entire skin of a guy who kept his mouth shut and made him see his own insides, and he screamed so much that he fainted. The sight of blood vessels and real muscles intertwined was really nice to see."


'!?'


Neung Hwa-yang's expression hardened.


At first, she thought he was trying to do some excessive verbal foreplay.


But that malice-filled smile and his eyes were truly sincere.


He wanted to peel off her shell and see inside.


-Shudder!


For a moment, a chill ran down Neung Hwa-yang's spine.


She had been killing the guys who crawled into her embrace like a queen spider and always enjoyed the process.


Because she got so excited every time she killed the men who were in her arms.


Seeing them suffer, it seemed like her numb senses came back to life.


'This bastard...is he the same kind as me?'


She thought, how crazy could he be even if he was insane?


But experiencing it firsthand, he seemed even crazier than her.


A beauty is seducing him naked, but he wants to peel off her shell and see her suffer.


-Tremble tremble tremble!


'Crazy bastard.'


She changed her mind too.


She was going to watch him be happy in her arms and then see that happiness break, but now she wanted to see this lunatic beg for his life.


Neung Hwa-yang smiled faintly.


"I need to hear your screams too."


-Pak!


Having made that decision, she wrapped her legs around Mok Gyeong-un's arm like a snake.


Then, she pressed his neck and back with her legs.


If he moved wrongly, his elbow would be broken in an instant, so he wouldn't be able to resist.


-Tighten!


"It's best if you stay still. If you resist recklessly, your elbow bone will pop out….."


-Crack!


'Huh?'


What is this?


Mok Gyeong-un lifted his body with her clinging to him.


She, who had reached the Pinnacle stage of Peak Realm and exerted nearly 6-star power with her legs to perform the Bone-Breaking Technique. But somehow, this brat was forcibly enduring her?


'This bastard!'


She drew up even more energy, trying to shatter Mok Gyeong-un's elbow.


But Mok Gyeong-un's arm didn't bend at all.


Then,


-Thud!


Mok Gyeong-un suddenly took an unexpected action while holding her.


-Crunch!


'!!!!!!!!'


For a moment, she doubted her eyes.


Mok Gyeong-un forcibly turned his neck and bit into her thigh muscle on the opposite side of the knee she was tightening.


Although she couldn't feel pain, she could still distinguish the teeth sinking in.


And the part he had bitten off now was dangerous.


If done wrong, she wouldn't be able to walk.


-Pak!


Neung Hwa-yang released the strength in her legs and kicked Mok Gyeong-un's head.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un's body was pushed back.


She also fell to the floor and looked at the back of her knee, spitting out rough sounds.


But that part was torn off.


-Twist!


Seeing her left knee not straightening properly, it seemed the muscle was torn off.


"You son of a….."


-Munch munch!


Suddenly, she was at a loss for words.


She saw Mok Gyeong-un chewing on her torn thigh muscle.


Mok Gyeong-un, who had been chewing with blood on his lips, soon swallowed it down his throat.


-Gulp!


Along with that, Mok Gyeong-un wiped the blood on his lips with his tongue and said,


-Lick!


"Hmm. The taste of blood is okay, but it's a bit tough."


'This....this crazy....'


Neung Hwa-yang was momentarily speechless.


She was called a crazy bitch even within the 4th group and acknowledged it herself due to her bad taste that came from being unable to feel pain.


But this went beyond that scope.


This wasn't the concept of being crazy, but wasn't it being a demon or having a murderous nature?


Feeling extreme fear, she unknowingly took a step back.


Then,


"Ah ah ah. No. Tie her up."


It was faster than the end of those words.


-Swish!


Something wrapped around her entire body, restraining her from moving.


"Wh-what is this….."


Startled, she tried to draw up her energy and shake it off.


But then, Mok Gyeong-un made a shushing gesture with his hand instead of sealing his lips.


Then,


"Mmph!"


She couldn't open her mouth.


Unable to even scream or do anything, her face turned pale.


Mok Gyeong-un approached her and said,


"You said you can't feel pain? That's great. I have a mirror here too. I was wondering what reaction you would show if you saw your own shell being peeled off one by one."


Along with that, the corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth reached his ears.


It was an expression of being thrilled to death.


'This guy…..is serious…..seriously.'


-Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!


Her heart was beating fiercely and not listening.


"Huff huff huff huff...."


After exhaling roughly, she soon foamed at the mouth and her eyes rolled back.


"Oh?"


At this, Mok Gyeong-un showed a disappointed expression.