Chapter 87: Master of the Primal Killing Pavilion (3)

'Master?'


What in the world did that mean?


In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, was momentarily dumbfounded by the Green Spirit Gyu Soha's exclamation.


It was none other than himself who had used the servant spirit Creation Technique, a secret art that forcibly turned ghosts into servant spirits.


Yet the Green Spirit, born through the Spirit God Parasitic Poisoning Technique, suddenly called a boy who appeared to be around 17 or 18 years old his master.


What on earth was going on?


As he was thinking this,


"Gyeong-un!"


Diviner Jo Ui-gong shouted upon seeing Mok Gyeong-un.


At that shout,


"Gyeong-un?"


Did his disciple know that guy?


While he was puzzled, Diviner Jo Ui-gong spoke in an excited voice.


"Master! Master! That child is the one I told you about."


"What?"


The eyes of In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, narrowed.


That guy was the child his disciple Jo Ui-gong said he had accepted into his sect?


Wait a moment.


But why was that child here?


Shouldn't he be undergoing the trials at Corpse Blood Valley?


Moreover, he couldn't understand why the Green Spirit called that guy master upon seeing him.


"That child….?"


-Swish!


Diviner Jo Ui-gong was about to say something, but In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, raised his hand as if to stop him.


"Master?"


"Let's see. Are you the child named Mok Gyeong-un?"


At this question from In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, Mok Gyeong-un looked at Diviner Jo Ui-gong.


Then, Diviner Jo Ui-gong sent a glance and spoke softly.


"He is your Grand Master and the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing."


'!?'


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes sparkled with interest.


On the way to Heaven and Earth Society, Diviner Jo Ui-gong had briefly explained about the Primal Killing Pavilion, so he roughly knew what kind of people were in the valley.


Was that old man, who appeared to be in his seventies, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing?


'This is a diviner of a Master rank.'


Mok Gyeong-un, who had opened his Ghost Eye, possessed eyes that could concretize energy.


Therefore, he could clearly see.


The immense spiritual power that unconsciously emanated from the old man.


'The difference is this vast.'


It seemed to be nearly three times more than Diviner Jo Ui-gong.


It was not yet at a level he could handle.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un put his hands together and bowed respectfully, saying,


"Ah. You were the elder of our sect. I am Mok Gyeong-un, who has been accepted under Master Jo's tutelage."


"...…"


At this greeting from Mok Gyeong-un, Diviner Jo Ui-gong silently stared at him.


On the other hand, the Green Spirit Gyu Soha, whose face had brightened at the arrival of her master, had her eyes wide open.


'What does this mean?'


This spirit's master was a member of this old man's sect?


Then did that mean he was related to those who had trapped her in this hellish place?


If that was the case, it would be quite confusing.


As she was thinking this, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, opened his mouth.


"Repeat what you just said."


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un, who had his hands together, tilted his head, then smiled brightly and said,


"Ah. You are an elder of our sect. Master Jo's…."


-Thud!


Before Mok Gyeong-un could finish his sentence, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, stamped the end of his staff on the ground.


Then, with a frightening expression, he said,


"Are you trying to fool this Pavilion Master?"


"No. How could that be?"


At that brazen remark, Diviner Jo Ui-gong became even more anxious.


He knew this guy was bold and different from ordinary people, but the other party was his master and the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing.


But what was with this attitude?


"Apologize to Pavilion Master at once!"


Jo Ui-gong raised his voice and urged.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un lowered his head with his hands together and said,


"I apologize to the Pavilion Master."


Although it sounded polite with no rise in his voice, something felt off.


However, since he did as he was told, there was nothing more he could say, so Jo Ui-gong glanced at the face of his master, In Seo-ok.


'Alas.'


As expected, his expression was not good.


Just a moment ago, he had shown a quite favorable reaction, so he had hoped that he could somehow get him out of Corpse Blood Valley.


But now it was the complete opposite.


At that moment, In Seo-ok snorted and said,


"Did you say you were the master of this ghost?"


At that question, Diviner Jo Ui-gong frowned and looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


Come to think of it, this guy had definitely said that earlier.


[I am its owner.]


What did that even mean?


While he was puzzled, Mok Gyeong-un slowly raised his lowered head and said,


"Yes. Is there a problem with that?"


"What?"


Jo Ui-gong's expression stiffened.


Did this guy not deny it but affirm it just now?


Then did he really make that Green Spirit, created through solitude by ghosts devouring each other, his servant spirit?


'How in the world?'


Wasn't this guy undergoing the trials at Corpse Blood Valley all this time?


But by what means did he make this ghost his servant spirit?


Moreover, a ghost as a servant spirit...


'Ah!'


Come to think of it, this guy had a ghost with a rank reaching Yellow Spirit as his servant spirit.


According to him, there was no special method, but the one who tried to possess his body was coincidentally captured and made into a servant spirit, didn't he say that?


Having confirmed the extent of the guy's magical knowledge, he had thought he was really lucky.


But not only that, he said he made a ghost with a rank reaching Green Spirit his servant spirit?


'....How is this possible?'


That was not something that could be attributed to luck.


Even his master, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, had tried to use the forbidden secret art of the extinct Mosan Sect to turn ghosts into servant spirits, hadn't he?


"Is that really….."


"Command it once."


Before Diviner Jo Ui-gong could say anything, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, spoke again.


"What do you mean?"


"Anything is fine."


'Is he trying to confirm it?'


In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, seemed to want to directly confirm it.


There were several ways to verify a servant spirit, but the simplest was for the master to give a command.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un casually said,


"Soha. Get up and come over here."


"Yes. Master."


As soon as Mok Gyeong-un's command was given, the Green Spirit Gyu Soha got up.


And as if he had been waiting, he approached Mok Gyeong-un.


Seeing this, Diviner Jo Ui-gong clicked his tongue.


'Ha!'


It was true.


The Green Spirit was really following the command.


He had been quite surprised when it was a Yellow Spirit, but a Green Spirit was a ghost that even decent diviners found difficult to handle, yet he made it his servant spirit?


Jo Ui-gong couldn't help but ask.


"How in the world did you do it?"


"Do what?"


"Are you pretending not to know now? You should have been undergoing the trials at Corpse Blood Valley, so how could you make that ghost, which was undergoing solitude, your servant spirit?"


At this question from Jo Ui-gong, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged his shoulders.


"Who knows? As I told you last time, I never really intended to do anything."


At this answer from Mok Gyeong-un, Diviner Jo Ui-gong's eyes narrowed.


Last time, he had thought it could really be a coincidence, but answering like that made it seem like he was hiding something.


"Oh, my. You're trying to make a fool of this master now, aren't you? Then let's see if you still won't answer even like this."


-Pak! -Pak!


Diviner Jo Ui-gong formed hand seals.


And he chanted a spell.


"The Wheel Turns and the Stone Breaks, All Returns to the Mirror, The Meaningless Child...."


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un focused on where Diviner Jo Ui-gong's gaze was directed.


It was the iron shackle on Mok Gyeong-un's wrist.


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un could guess in an instant that he was trying to do something through this iron shackle.


'As I thought?'


[Wear that on your wrist and say this. I, Mok Gyeong-un, will become Jo Ui-gong's disciple and follow his will.]


[What happens if I make that oath?]


[A restriction is placed.]


[Restriction?]


[If you make that oath, you will not be able to harm me in any way. It is almost absolute.]


That was what Diviner Jo Ui-gong had said.


However, Mok Gyeong-un believed that there was definitely another hidden restriction here.


And as he guessed, it seemed like he was about to reveal that restriction now.


-Pak!


"Hurry up!"


Diviner Jo Ui-gong pointed the Geumgangji seal at Mok Gyeong-un and cast a spell.


Upon hearing the final "Hurry up!" Mok Gyeong-un realized.


"Hurry up!" meant that it had to be urgently executed like a command of the law.


In other words, it was an expression to follow the order.


'So that's how it was.'


The restriction was to control him.


He saw Diviner Jo Ui-gong's gaze shift from the bracelet to his face.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un, without showing any signs, put on a dazed expression as if his soul had left his body.


Seeing this, the corners of Jo Ui-gong's mouth slightly curled up.


"From now on, you must answer my questions accurately."


"Yes."


Mok Gyeong-un answered in a powerless voice.


Seeing this, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, looked at the iron shackle on his wrist and said,


"It's an iron shackle with an incantation."


"Yes. Master. As you can see, he has just become a disciple and is not yet controlled like a young colt, so I put it on him to tame him."


At those words, In Seo-ok snorted and scoffed.


Among the disciples he had taught, the most cunning one who resembled him the most was Jo Ui-gong.


As expected, he had taken appropriate measures.


The iron shackle with an incantation could force one's will through self-restraint by making an oath.


"If you have any questions, please ask."


Diviner Jo Ui-gong pointed at Mok Gyeong-un and said.


Now, no matter what he asked, he would answer truthfully.


-Step step!


At these words, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, approached Mok Gyeong-un.


"Master?"


"One must always verify if it's properly set."


Then, he swung the head of his staff and struck Mok Gyeong-un's face.


-Thwack!


Mok Gyeong-un's head turned to the side.


No matter how much martial arts he had learned, if he was hit while not circulating energy and in a defenseless state, he would naturally feel pain.


He should have reacted in some way, but,


'Hmm.'


Mok Gyeong-un showed no change in expression as if he felt no pain at all.


Even after being struck on the face with the head of the staff, if he was like this, it seemed his will was indeed restrained.


However, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, was cautious.


-Thwack!


In Seo-ok struck the opposite side of the face with his staff.


As if that wasn't enough, he kicked Mok Gyeong-un's abdomen with his foot and knocked him down.


-Thud!


"Master. There's no need to go that far…."


"Wait."


-Pak!


In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, climbed on top of Mok Gyeong-un's chest and stepped hard on his neck with one foot.


-Kkkkk!


As his neck was pressed down, blood vessels bulged on his face, and his face turned red.


However, there was still no change in Mok Gyeong-un's expression.


If he pressed down a little more, his windpipe would be cut off.


Yet he remained still.


-Gasp!


After staring at this, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, nodded as if he finally believed it and climbed down from Mok Gyeong-un's chest.


Then he said to Diviner Jo Ui-gong,


"Now ask the boy if he had entered the cliff valley."


"Understood. Gyeong-un. Get up."


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un silently got up from his spot with a dazed expression.


Seeing his face covered in wounds, Diviner Jo Ui-gong clicked his tongue inwardly.


Although he was his master, he was so cautious that he had no mercy in his hands.


'Well, he won't remember it when he comes to his senses.'


That was the power of the incantation shackle.


Jo Ui-gong asked Mok Gyeong-un,


"Did you enter the cliff valley where the solitude technique was being performed?"


"Yes."


At this question, Mok Gyeong-un answered straightforwardly with a dazed face.


At this, In Seo-ok clicked his tongue.


"The culprit has been revealed."


During the Spirit God Parasitic Poisoning Technique, no one should have entered there.


No, to be precise, one should not enter because it was dangerous.


In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, frowned and looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


'But how did he survive?'


Rather, that was the question.


At first, it was a mystery how he made the Green Spirit his servant spirit, but now that was even more curious.


That was because the cliff valley where ghosts lost their sense of self and devoured each other was literally like hell.


Yet not only did a guy who hadn't learned magic for long survive, but he also made a Green Spirit his servant spirit?


"Ask him how it happened."


"Yes. Tell us in detail what happened in there."


What on earth could have happened there?


As the two focused their attention on Mok Gyeong-un,


"The Society Leader....."


'!?'


Their expressions suddenly stiffened.


Society Leader? What did he mean by that now?


Could he be referring to the Society Leader of Heaven and Earth Society?


"The Society Leader...."


However, after mentioning the Society Leader, Mok Gyeong-un whispered softly as if muttering, making it inaudible.


Diviner Jo Ui-gong raised his voice and said,


"What did the Society Leader do? Speak properly and loudly."


"The Sect…Society Leader..."


Mok Gyeong-un muttered again in a trailing voice, mentioning the Society Leader.


At this, In Seo-ok, the Pavilion Master of Primal Killing, grew impatient with Mok Gyeong-un mentioning and muttering about the Society Leader, who could be considered the head of Heaven and Earth Society.


He approached Mok Gyeong-un, grabbed his hair, pulled him close to his ear, and said, "Tell him to say it properly again."


"Mok Gyeong-un, speak properly."


At that command, Mok Gyeong-un opened his mouth again.


"The Society Leader..."


"Yes. What about the Society Leader?"


"Is there any reason for him to come?"


'!?'


-Squelch!


"Ugh!"


At that moment, In Seo-ok's eyes widened as if they would tear apart.


Somehow, Mok Gyeong-un's hand had pierced through his chest.


What on earth was happening?


Clearly, this bastard was bound by the incantation shackle….


'!!!!!!'


In In Seo-ok's widened pupils, Mok Gyeong-un was not wearing a dazed expression, but had the corners of his mouth raised in a grim smile.