Chapter 101: Wi So-yeon (1)

"I am Wi So-yeon, the third disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society's leader."


'!?'


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes shone with surprise.


He never expected to encounter someone so close to the leader of the Heaven and Earth Society in a place like this.


Moreover, a disciple.


He had thought it strange when she suddenly entered the treasure vault without regard for the rules, but now that he knew her identity, it made some sense.


'A candidate for the next leader.'


Mok Gyeong-un had briefly heard information about important internal figures through the Valley Master of the Corpse Blood Valley, Lee Ji-yeom.


The leader of the Heaven and Earth Society had three disciples who were qualified to be successors.


One of them was none other than the third disciple, Wi So-yeon.


Despite being a woman, she was known to possess a rare martial talent that appeared only once every few hundred years, which was why she was accepted as a disciple. She was said to have ambition and was aiming for the position of the leader.


'To think I'd meet such a woman here.'


It was truly a coincidence.


Judging by Cheong-ryeong's silence, it seemed that her emotions had been stirred upon hearing that Wi So-yeon was the Society Leader's disciple.


When it came to matters related to the leader, she couldn't contain her anger.


'But her strength is no ordinary matter.'


Having gained enlightenment, he now knew how to handle the energy within his body.


However, unlike him, she was standing in an extremely ordinary posture while holding his wrist, yet there was not the slightest movement.


Moreover, she was holding another fellow with her other hand.


'Is this the level of the Heaven and Earth Society Society Leader's disciple?'


If the youngest disciple was at this level, he could roughly estimate the level of those above her.


And just how strong would the Society Leader of the Heaven and Earth Society be?


What was certain was that even though he had gained enlightenment, he had yet to reach the level of the Society Leader's disciple.


At that moment, Yeop Wi-seon, the disciple of Bright Blade King, who had his wrist twisted and was in pain, pressed on.


"Haa… haa… What are you doing? How dare a mere disciple of the Corpse Blood Valley not show respect even after knowing the Young Lady's identity…"


-Crack!


"Ack!"


Before he could finish his words,


Yeop Wi-seon's wrist was completely twisted, and the bone was broken.


Since an intact bone had been broken, it was natural for a scream of pain to escape, but Yeop Wi-seon gritted his teeth with his face swollen as if the blood vessels were about to burst.


To him, Wi So-yeon, the third disciple of the Society Leader, spoke in a cold voice.


"I believe I told you to be quiet."


"Ugh… I, I apologize."


"Do I need to list out the things you have done with my own mouth?"


"Ugh… No, you don't."


In fact, Yeop Wi-seon had nothing to say even if he had ten mouths.


Not many had the authority to enter the treasure vault without regard for the rules.


Even though he was a disciple of Bright Blade King, one of the Five Kings, he naturally did not have access to this place. He had only entered by taking advantage of Wi So-yeon's authority as the Society Leader's disciple.


However, in the midst of that, he had gotten excited and damaged some of the original secret manuals in the treasure vault.


This alone had already crossed a line that he couldn't handle.


"Your foolish actions have also put me, who brought you here, in quite a predicament. So, if you open your mouth again, I will execute you on the spot."


"I will keep that in mind… huff."


Yeop Wi-seon firmly closed his mouth.


He shouldn't upset her any further.


-Pak!


Wi So-yeon, who had released Yeop Wi-seon's hand, similarly released Mok Gyeong-un's wrist.


And she said,


"I apologize. Forgive this person's rudeness. He is quite loyal, which is why I keep him around, but I never thought he would do such a foolish thing like today."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un brought his wrist and examined it.


The handprint was still there.


Looking at it, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and then turned his gaze to Yeop Wi-seon, saying,


"A loyal but stupid dog must be quite tiresome for you."


'This bastard!'


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Yeop Wi-seon's face instantly distorted terribly.


However, he couldn't open his mouth, knowing that if he disobeyed her words again, he wouldn't be able to handle the consequences.


At that moment, Wi So-yeon chuckled.


"A loyal but stupid dog. Quite a fitting description indeed."


'Even the Young Lady…'


Yeop Wi-seon's insides were boiling.


He had arranged this situation to make a better impression on her and deepen their relationship.


But in an instant, he had become a stupid dog.


Then, Mok Gyeong-un politely clasped his hands and said,


-Swish!


"Unit Leader Mok Gyeong-un pays his respects to Miss Wi So-yeon, the third disciple of the Society Leader."


"Mok Gyeong-un?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's greeting, she tilted her head slightly.


The Mok (木) surname was quite rare throughout the martial world of the Central Plains.


She had never heard of it within the Heaven and Earth Society, and the only one she had heard of was the Yeon Mok Sword Manor, one of the righteous sect's famous martial families.


'Yeon Mok Sword Manor… It's unlikely.'


Even she was unaware of the fact that the children of the Yeon Mok Sword Manor had been taken as hostages to the Heaven and Earth Society, as it was known only to a very few within the organization.


Moreover, who would think to send hostages to the Corpse Blood Valley?


She then said,


"If you're a unit leader, you must be facing the final test."


"That's right."


In fact, she had already heard through the senior warrior Gwak Mun-gi that Mok Gyeong-un was facing the final test.


However, she was only pretending not to know because she had become interested in Mok Gyeong-un.


Wi So-yeon looked at Mok Gyeong-un's face.


'… He's really handsome.'


She had never seen a man this beautiful before.


At a glance, Mok Gyeong-un's face was so handsome that he could even be mistaken for a woman, surpassing mere good looks.


However, she was more interested in Mok Gyeong-un's martial arts than his appearance.


'He doesn't seem to be older than seventeen, but if he's already at the level of a Sect Master, he should be able to pass the final test without any issues.'


In that case, he would be chosen by the executives.


As the successor structure was gradually emerging within the Heaven and Earth Society, she was trying to recruit as many useful talents as possible.


'He seems like a good talent.'


If he was a step above Yeop Wi-seon, who had been taught by Bright Blade King Son Yun, then his future was promising.


It wouldn't hurt to recruit him in advance at this opportunity.


She directly brought up the main topic.


"Your solid internal energy shows that you have the potential to reach the pinnacle-stage of Peak Realm or even beyond in the near future."


"Oh, is that so?"


"So, I was wondering…"


"Ah! I apologize, but may I say a word, no, two things to you first?"


"Huh?"


When Mok Gyeong-un suddenly interrupted her, she momentarily frowned.


It was quite rude of him, even though he knew her identity.


However, since Yeop Wi-seon, whom she had brought along, had also been rude, and with the thought of wanting to make Mok Gyeong-un her person, she decided to tolerate it.


"Alright. Speak freely."


"Ah. It's fortunate that you are a magnanimous person."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, she smiled slightly.


If she could recruit a talented person as her own, she could show this much magnanimity.


"First, since you are the Society Leader's disciple, I believe you have the authority. Originally, I was supposed to have the reward of choosing secret manuals here for an hour."


"Ah…"


With these words, Wi So-yeon immediately understood what Mok Gyeong-un was saying.


Due to Yeop Wi-seon and herself, Mok Gyeong-un had been robbed of that time.


Perhaps he had mentioned authority to ask the keeper of the treasure vault to grant him that.


"Don't worry. Even if you don't mention it, I was planning to ask the keeper of the treasure vault, Valley Master Yang, about that matter."


Of course, it wasn't something she had just thought of, but it was true.


At Wi So-yeon's words, Mok Gyeong-un smiled as if relieved.


Then he continued,


"Thank you for your consideration. The second thing is, thanks to the person sitting over there, I nearly lost my life, so I'd like to receive proper compensation."


"What?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Wi So-yeon furrowed her brows.


That was because she had personally apologized and even broke Yeop Wi-seon's wrist, who was a disciple of Bright Blade King.


Breaking his wrist here was also partly to show it to Mok Gyeong-un.


But he wanted compensation?


'What nonsense is this bastard spouting now?'


Yeop Wi-seon glared at Mok Gyeong-un as if he was angry.


If it weren't for her warning, he would have wanted to engage in a rematch immediately.


At that moment, Wi So-yeon spoke.


"May I hear what you mean by proper compensation?"


"Since I nearly lost my life, to match the equivalent exchange, wouldn't it be right for me to receive his life in return?"


-Grit!


Was this guy crazy?


No matter how much humiliation he had suffered, he was a disciple of Bright Blade King Son Yun, one of the Five Kings.


Yet, he was saying that he should receive his life?


This bastard, really…


"That's what I thought, but if I do that, I would be making you lose your loyal and stupid dog, so I would be grateful if you could provide me with suitable compensation."


"Suitable compensation?"


"Yes. Since I nearly lost my life, I think it's fair for me to receive that much from him, don't you think?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, not only Yeop Wi-seon, who was the subject of the conversation, but even Wi So-yeon couldn't help but snort.


She had seen many people within the organization, but this was the first time she had seen someone so brazen, even though he was just a disciple who had entered the Corpse Blood Valley.


He was requesting compensation from her, who could potentially become the next leader.


It was somewhat refreshing, but it also made her slightly annoyed.


'… Looks like he's not just talented in martial arts.'


Through the brief conversation, she judged that Mok Gyeong-un was a person who pursued his own interests more than he appeared.


Because of that, she lost a bit of interest.


What she wanted was someone who was not only outstanding in martial arts but could also swear unwavering loyalty to her.


But to bargain with the person who would become his lord?


'If he's that brazen, let's see how he responds to this.'


So she decided to test Mok Gyeong-un.


Since she had already confirmed his outstanding martial arts, she was going to see if his wit matched the boldness he had shown towards her.


"Life… Alright. There is some truth to your words."


"I'm glad that you are someone who understands reason."


"Then kill him."


"Excuse me?"


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed slightly.


It was an unexpected response.


In fact, the reason Mok Gyeong-un had made such a request to her was to see the caliber of a successor who was aiming for the leader's position.


But he didn't expect her to tell him to kill Yeop Wi-seon on the spot.


"That's unexpected."


"What's unexpected? I personally apologized and even broke this person's wrist as a price for his rudeness. But if you say it's not enough for the price of your life, there's no choice, is there?"


"So you're telling me to kill him?"


"That's right. I can't think of a compensation that can replace a life."


At her words, Yeop Wi-seon's expression instantly darkened.


To think that his lord, to whom he had sworn loyalty, would make him give his life to this bastard.


Was she being serious?


While he was thinking that, Wi So-yeon said,


"However, I cannot take responsibility for what happens after you kill this person."


"Cannot take responsibility."


"Yes. You don't seem to know who this person is, so I'll tell you his identity. He is Yeop Wi-seon, a disciple of Bright Blade King."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un turned his gaze to look at Yeop Wi-seon.


Now he fully understood her intention.


It wasn't that she was really telling him to kill.


'She was saying to kill him if I had the confidence to handle the aftermath.'


She had bluntly stated it.


He was free to kill Yeop Wi-seon, but he would have to directly deal with the repercussions that would arise from killing him.


Those repercussions would naturally be the wrath of Bright Blade King.


"The choice is yours. However, I won't hold you responsible for taking the life of someone who had sworn loyalty to me, so I believe that should be sufficient compensation."


At her words, Yeop Wi-seon's face slightly brightened.


Of course, how could she abandon him?


As expected, she had a plan.


'Damn that bastard.'


Yeop Wi-seon glared at Mok Gyeong-un.


If this guy wasn't a fool, he wouldn't be able to lay a finger on him.


Yeop Wi-seon made a vow to himself.


He would definitely pay back the humiliation he was experiencing now many times over.


While he was doing that, Mok Gyeong-un opened his mouth.


"Hmm. If my ears aren't mistaken, it sounds like you're telling me not to do something I'll regret and to choose wisely."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, she chuckled.


She naturally thought that he would have the brains to understand at least this much.


However, if he gave up on his boldness and the compensation he had demanded here, it would ultimately mean that he was just a guy who talked big.


That's what she was thinking.


"If you are someone who holds a position as the leader's disciple, you will surely keep your own words, right?"


At his words, she snorted and replied,


"Words carry weight. I take responsibility for what I say."


"Is that so?"


"Have you made your decision?"


"Yes. I have no choice. I wanted to receive the price of his life for trying to take mine, but thinking about it, the repercussions from Bright Blade King bothers me."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, she lightly shook her head.


He was just a person of this caliber.


A fellow who schemed for compensation against her.


No matter how outstanding his martial arts were, he didn't have the wit to navigate this situation and only lowered his head, showing that she had lost interest.


"Go…"


"Ah. Wait a moment."


"What?"


It was at that very moment.


-Swish! Thud!


Mok Gyeong-un moved swiftly and kicked Yeop Wi-seon's chin with his foot.


"Ugh!"


Yeop Wi-seon, who was suddenly hit on the chin, shouted at Mok Gyeong-un in bewilderment.


"You bastard, how dare you!"


"Oh? You opened your mouth?"


"What?"


"Didn't your lord just say that if you opened your mouth, she would execute you on the spot? You ignored that warning."


'!?'


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Yeop Wi-seon's expression instantly froze.


This bastard, did he kick him with his foot just now to make him open his mouth?


While he was thinking that, Mok Gyeong-un turned his head, smiled brightly, and spoke to Wi So-yeon in a sneering voice.


"Didn't you say that words carry weight and that you take responsibility for what you say yourself?"