Chapter 105: Lord of the Western Sea (2)

The Classic of Mountains and Seas states:


In heaven and earth, there are countless malevolent spirits that humans cannot see.


Among such malevolent spirits, there are those that reside in a higher realm that not only humans but even those spirits cannot dare to approach.


They are the Spirit Beasts that have lived for an incredibly long time.


'Spirit Beasts?'


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes flickered with interest as he looked at the white-haired middle-aged man.


That was because if it was a Spirit Beast, excluding the divine beasts in myths, they were beings called legends in the hierarchy of malevolent spirits.


But what was this appearance?


On the surface, it didn't look like a Spirit Beast but no different from a human.


-Mortal, it's not an opponent you can fight against.


Cheong-ryeong spoke in a whisper.


Unlike usual, her tone was tense to the point of being stiff.


She, who always showed an arrogant and domineering demeanor, was feeling fear toward the being before her eyes.


'…Wasn't all the energy absorbed?'


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed.


He thought it had weakened since he had absorbed all the ominous demonic energy flowing out from the cracks in the wooden box.


But to emit such immense demonic energy to this extent…


At that moment, the white-haired middle-aged man spoke while arrogantly brushing his hair back.


"Are you trembling? Human."


"Well."


He wasn't trembling.


In the first place, Mok Gyeong-un was someone who didn't place great significance on or fear death.


However, the tension due to the clear difference in power was inevitable.


"For something that was sealed, your power is overflowing."


"Power overflowing? Hah."


The white-haired middle-aged man scoffed.


Then, he raised his hand, clenched and unclenched his fist, and said,


"Although I've weakened to the utmost after being sealed in this scroll for thousands of years, do you think lowly insects like you can dare to approach me?"


'Insects?'


Mok Gyeong-un slightly furrowed his brows.


But rather than feeling offended, he simply grasped the reality that the being before him judged him as nothing more than an insect.


'To this being, I am merely at the level of an insect.'


It was hard to deny.


The demonic energy emanating from this being was at an immeasurable level.


Was there another sky above the sky?


If this was its weakened state, he couldn't even imagine how strong this monster would be if it regained all its power.


No, this could be close to a disaster.


Right at that moment,


The white-haired middle-aged man extended his hand.


In that instant,


Two wooden puppets tore through Mok Gyeong-un's chest clothing and flew out.


'Ah?'


At this, Mok Gyeong-un urgently reached out and unleashed the Ritual of Binding incantation.


However, there was no way to withstand the force pulling them with overwhelming demonic energy.


Despite unleashing the Ritual of Binding incantation, the two wooden puppets that flew away without stopping landed in the white-haired middle-aged man's hand.


"M-Master!"


Inside were Green Spirit Gyu Soha and Cheong-ryeong.


Even while inside the wooden puppets, the demonic energy was so strong that even the Green Spirit showed evident fear.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un calmly said,


"You're making things difficult. Can you give them back?"


"Hmm. You're a peculiar human. Seeing that a living being is accompanied by these evil spirits."


"…"


"…"


Normally, Cheong-ryeong would have reacted angrily, but she didn't open her mouth.


Perhaps she became cautious, not wanting to provoke the being and cause an unforeseen calamity.


Cheong-ryeong found this situation extremely troubling.


'This is the worst.'


Unlike vengeful spirits, who have a somewhat different concept of consuming energy after becoming spirit bodies, malevolent spirits rapidly weaken when they consume demonic energy.


In that regard, if it had been sealed for a long time, she thought it would have significantly weakened.


But who would have imagined that the being sealed in this wooden box would be a Spirit Beast?


'What should I do?'


If it was a Spirit Beast that had reached a higher realm to the point of being able to transform into a human form, it could be said to have reached a realm similar to an almost enlightened Immortal.


No matter how much it had weakened, it far surpassed the realm that even she could handle.


'Is this the end…'


She felt a sense of despair.


Could misfortune manifest in such a way?


Just when she thought she had finally grasped an opportunity to appease her resentment, she encountered a being akin to a disaster in such a place.


'Mok Gyeong-un…'


Normally, she would have placed her hopes on the brat's cunning mind.


But the opponent was too unfavorable.


It was a non-human existence and had lived for such an incredibly long time that it would be difficult to overcome this situation with some eloquence.


Perhaps even he might be feeling fear for the first time in his life.


Facing an absolute being he encountered for the first time.


Right at that moment,


"I was just getting hungry, so thank you for bringing me a meal."


"What?"


"Ah."


With those words, the white-haired middle-aged man put the wooden puppets sealing Cheong-ryeong and Gyu Soha into his mouth.


Right at that instant,


The wooden puppet that was entering his mouth shattered, and Cheong-ryeong flew out from inside at a tremendous speed, grasping Gyu Soha's wooden puppet and flying forward.


However,


The white-haired middle-aged man grabbed Cheong-ryeong's leg and threw her onto the ground.


Although she couldn't feel physical pain, for some reason, when she was slammed onto the ground, she let out a groan of agony.


"Ugh!"


"I am the Lord of the Western Sea. A being born from the gathering of delusions. Offer your spiritual power for the sake of your master. Hahaha."


As soon as those words ended, a red haze rose from Cheong-ryeong's body, which had collapsed on the ground, and was sucked into the white-haired middle-aged man's mouth.


Then, as if in pain, she screamed.


"Aaaaagh!"


Right at that moment,


Mok Gyeong-un flew his body and thrust his blade finger, imbued with aura, towards the white-haired middle-aged man's brow.


He was trying to take advantage of a moment of carelessness, but…


At that instant, the white-haired middle-aged man lightly caught Mok Gyeong-un's right wrist.


Then, he made a gesture as if lightly lifting him up,


Mok Gyeong-un's body dug into the cave ceiling by nearly half a zhang before falling to the ground.


"Kuhaak!"


Blood coughs poured out from Mok Gyeong-un's mouth as he fell to the ground.


Although he had instantly protected his body with evil energy, he had suffered some fractures and internal injuries from the previous blow.


-Mortal!


"Cough… Cough… This is really… Cough… bad luck."


Mok Gyeong-un shook his head as if in disbelief.


Looking down at him, interest flickered in the white-haired middle-aged man's eyes.


"You're a peculiar human."


He felt puzzled by the face that held a smile despite feeling pain.


If an ordinary human were to be in this situation, they would likely be terrified with fear, but looking at this fellow's face, he didn't seem particularly so.


At this, the white-haired middle-aged man made a lifting gesture with his chin.


Then,


Mok Gyeong-un's body, which had been lying face down on the ground, floated into the air.


"Ah?"


It was clearly visible to Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.


The immense demonic energy flowing out from the white-haired middle-aged man was enveloping and lifting him up.


"Human. I want to see fear spreading across your face."


The white-haired middle-aged man raised the corners of his mouth sardonically and tried to bring his hand to Mok Gyeong-un's shoulder.


Right at that moment,


Iron chains created from spiritual power erupted from the ground and instantly restrained the white-haired middle-aged man's arms, legs, and body.


The iron chains moved like snakes and wrapped around the middle-aged man's neck.


'Gyu Soha?'


This was the power of Green Spirit Gyu Soha.


Gyu Soha shouted,


-Let go of our master! Otherwise…


The iron chains wrapping around the white-haired middle-aged man's body shattered in an instant and scattered like ashes.


It was too easy to the point of being futile, the iron chains of a spirit body being shattered.


Gyu Soha's eyes shook wildly.


"You're an evil spirit with some tricks. But you'll have to pay the price for touching my sacred body."


The white-haired middle-aged man flicked his finger towards Gyu Soha.


At that moment,


Gyu Soha's arms exploded and disappeared.


As the arms composed of a spirit body burst from the demonic energy, a scream erupted from Gyu Soha's mouth.


-Aaaaaaaah!


She seemed to be engulfed in immense pain.


'This is…'


Cheong-ryeong, who was lying face down on the ground after having her spiritual energy absorbed, was astounded.


No matter how much of a Spirit Beast it was, it was so overwhelmingly strong that it was doubtful whether it had just been unsealed.


As the being said, no matter how much they struggled, it might be at the level of an insect flapping its wings.


'…Even if we use that, is there any hope?'


But at this rate, they were all going to die.


In that case, it would be better to try everything possible…


At that moment,


"No. What is happening here?"


At the voice coming from somewhere, everyone's gazes turned in that direction.


It was outside this small cavity.


Elder Yang Mu-won, the keeper of the treasure vault, was standing outside the red line with a surprised expression.


He doubted his eyes at the strange sight unfolding inside the cave.


'Who is that white-haired middle-aged man?'


He had already been startled by the loud noise and rushed up.


The source of the sound was none other than that place.


He had repeatedly warned not to enter, but they had caused an accident after all, so he ran over in a single breath, but what on earth was happening?


'Who is that person?'


Judging from the fact that Mok Gyeong-un was floating in the air with internal injuries, it was undoubtedly a void creature.


Within the Heaven and Earth Society, only those at the level of the Five Kings or above could display such high-level techniques.


At this, Yang Mu-won became perplexed about what to do.


How could such a supreme master infiltrate this place and cause such a commotion?


While he was thinking,


"Right. I need to eat you too."


The white-haired middle-aged man gestured with his chin towards Elder Yang Mu-won.


Instantly, the startled Elder Yang Mu-won drew upon his true energy and took a defensive stance.


But nothing happened.


'What?'


While he was wondering, the white-haired middle-aged man raised an eyebrow, looked at the red line drawn on the floor, and muttered,


"Is this the doing of that Three-Eyed fellow?"


With those words, leaving Mok Gyeong-un suspended in the air, he walked towards the red line.


"S-Stop."


Elder Yang Mu-won shouted as he saw the being approaching him.


Of course, the white-haired middle-aged man had no intention of stopping.


The white-haired middle-aged man continued walking and tried to pass through the red line drawn on the floor.


At that moment,


With a strong pressure, the space distorted, and the white-haired middle-aged man's body was repelled backward, smashing the bookshelves inside.


Then, Mok Gyeong-un's body, which had been restrained in the air, fell to the ground.


'What?'


He didn't know what was going on, but the white-haired middle-aged man, whom Cheong-ryeong called a Spirit Beast, was unable to pass through the red line and was repelled back.


In that case,


"Let's go!"


This was the opportunity.


At that cry, as if they had been waiting, Cheong-ryeong and Gyu Soha, whose arms had exploded, threw their bodies outside.


The movements of the spirit bodies were much faster than Mok Gyeong-un's.


He thought they might get caught by the red line, but…


The two vengeful spirits passed the line without difficulty.


Right at the moment when Mok Gyeong-un also tried to pass through the line while using lightness skill,


Right in front of him, Mok Gyeong-un's body stopped.


-Mortal!


Cheong-ryeong shouted with a perplexed expression.


'Ugh.'


Mok Gyeong-un struggled to turn his head.


There, through the shattered bookshelves, the white-haired middle-aged man was raising his body with his hand extended.


"Where do you think you're going?"


"Haa… Haa… You're really a troublesome person."


"The one troubled is me. To think a herald of misfortune, not even an Immortal, would possess this much power."


The white-haired middle-aged man clicked his tongue while looking at the red line.


He was feeling displeased that he, who had been freed from the seal, was unable to pass through it and was repelled back.


"Mortal!"


At that moment, Cheong-ryeong, who was outside the red line, hesitated before trying to reach her hand inside, which was visible.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un hurriedly shook his head.


In the current situation, if she were to come inside, she would be caught like him.


While they were doing so, the white-haired middle-aged man spoke as if regretful, licking his lips.


"Your situational judgment is good. If you had been a bit later, I would have devoured that evil spirit."


At those words, Cheong-ryeong, who had stopped reaching out her hand, flinched.


Mok Gyeong-un's judgment was correct.


The moment she reached out her hand, the being would have pulled her inside.


However, they couldn't leave Mok Gyeong-un inside like this either.


If Mok Gyeong-un were to lose his life, they would also perish due to the servant spirit bond.


'Damn it!'


It was truly the worst situation.


While they were doing so, Mok Gyeong-un glanced at the red line on the floor.


From the outside, he didn't know, but the red line on the floor was drawn throughout the entire small cavity.


As if to prevent the being from escaping.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un looked at the white-haired middle-aged man and opened his mouth.


"By any chance, is the proposal you made earlier still valid?"