Chapter 109: Fateful Luck (2)

Gyu Soha, who had possessed Elder Yang Mu-won, the keeper of the treasure vault, was diligently carrying rock fragments and cleaning.


She had to erase the traces of what had happened here as much as possible.


Throughout doing these chores, a smile didn't leave Gyu Soha's lips.


That was because not only had her level risen, but she had also gained a body, albeit temporarily, and even had free time.


Moreover, it was in this treasure vault overflowing with vast amounts of secret manuals.


"Hehehe."


Although she had become a vengeful spirit, Gyu Soha was originally a martial artist at her core.


Naturally, before her death, she had aimed for a high realm, so this place filled with secret manuals was no different from paradise.


As Gyu Soha was organizing the small cavity where the red line was drawn, she looked at a bookshelf with only a lone wooden box placed on it, without anything else.


'Hmm. What could it be?'


The wooden box was none other than the one containing the scroll that sealed the Spirit Beast.


That wooden box said to be made from sacred spirit wood.


Strangely, the box that had shattered and turned to ashes had returned to its original state.


'Is it truly the power of Immortals?'


Mok Gyeong-un, Cheong-ryeong, and Gyu Soha had all witnessed the sight of something already broken and decayed returning to its original state.


It had occurred at the moment when Mok Gyeong-un was pondering what to do with the scroll in his hand.


As if time was being rewound, the surrounding dust gathered and formed the shape of the wooden box, returning it to its original state.


'It's truly fascinating.'


Even Gyu Soha, a vengeful spirit, found it peculiar.


Should it be said to have transcended the realm of sorcery?


Thanks to that, Mok Gyeong-un, who had been contemplating what to do with it, ordered Gyu Soha to stay here for a while and guard the wooden box.


[Hmm. I think I'll have to leave it here for a while.]


[You won't eat it?]


[No. It might cause trouble if I eat it.]


[…]


[I'm joking.]


I know it's not a joke.


The master likes to eat these things.


[Anyway, it seems best not to touch this for now. If anyone comes in here and tries to touch or look for the wooden box, please let me know.]


[Yes! Master!]


Mok Gyeong-un was interested in the one who had left the sealed wooden box here.


Why had they left such a dangerous thing in this place?


Perhaps by guarding this place as instructed by the master, she would find out.


Whether that person with three eyes mentioned by the raccoon Spirit Beast would appear or not.


***


It was late at night in the inner city of the Heaven and Earth Society.


In the garden of a large estate located in the southwest of the city, there was a middle-aged man with a sharp impression and a small stature, standing with his hands behind his back, gazing at the moon.


As he was immersed in appreciating the moon, someone's cough was heard behind him.


"Ahem."


At this, the middle-aged man with a small stature turned around as if he knew.


And he put his hands together and bowed in greeting.


"Ah. I am honored that Thunderbolt Fist King, one of the Five Kings, has come to this humble place."


The middle-aged man with a mustache, who appeared to be in his mid-50s, had no sleeves visible on his arms, and he wore strange iron rings on his muscular arms.


He was Won Byeong-hak, the Thunderbolt Fist King, one of the Five Kings, the highest-ranking executives of the Heaven and Earth Society.


Won Byeong-hak also bowed with his hands together and spoke to the middle-aged man.


"It's been a while. Shadow Clan Master."


The identity of the middle-aged man with a small stature was the Shadow Clan Master[1].


Although his position was one level below the Five Kings, he was one of the Three Chief Masters, a high-ranking executive of the Heaven and Earth Society.


Unlike other Chief Masters, his name was attached due to confidentiality, so everyone called him by his title, Shadow Clan Master.


"Ohoho. It's been a while since the grand meeting two months ago."


At the Shadow Clan Master's ingratiating voice, the Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak subtly frowned as if he wasn't used to it.


That was because this man's way of speaking was never easy to adapt to, no matter how many times he heard it.


It reminded him of the eunuchs in the imperial palace, and because he mixed in a tone that women would use, it sometimes even gave an unpleasant feeling.


'He's truly a peculiar one.'


Even the face he was seeing now wasn't real.


It was a human skin mask.


A human skin mask was a thin mask similar to skin, made using human or pig skin to create a form that was difficult to distinguish from a real human face.


The Shadow Clan Master was the only one in the inner city who was allowed to wear this human skin mask.


'Even if he's in charge of intelligence and secrets…'


Was there a reason for him not to show his real face even to them?


The Shadow Clan Master changed his human skin mask about every three months, so the only one who knew his real face was said to be the Society Leader.


'Huu.'


Anyway, what was important wasn't his real face.


The Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak said,


"Shadow Clan Master. I must first apologize for rudely visiting at such a late hour."


"Not at all. I heard you came and went a couple of times while I was away, so how could it be you who should apologize? I should be the one feeling sorry."


"Thank you for saying that."


"Ohoho. Then, may I ask the reason for your visit at such a late hour?"


"Of course. In fact, since it might be a request more discourteous than visiting late at night, I brought this as a bribe and gift to the Shadow Clan Master."


The Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak held up a white wine bottle in one hand.


At this, the Shadow Clan Master asked in puzzlement,


"What is that?"


"This is Firewood Wine that has been aged for 25 years."


"Oh-ho. Is that true?"


Firewood Wine.


It was one of the famous Shaoxing wines, along with Nu'erhong Wine, and was called a famous liquor.


It was a wine that became deeper in fragrance and stronger in flavor depending on the aging period, and it was also a wine used to celebrate special occasions.


The Shadow Clan Master accepted the wine bottle as if he was grateful and said,


"I don't know if I should receive this."


"Since it's a bribe I brought, of course you can accept it. I drank Nu'erhong Wine at my daughter's engagement ceremony, and I brought this Firewood Wine after much contemplation."


Firewood Wine was a wine that was brewed and buried when a son was born, and then taken out and enjoyed with relatives and friends on the day the son grew up and took the civil service examination, passed as a top scholar, or got married.


However, the Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak had no son.


He had buried it along with Nu'erhong Wine 25 years ago before his daughter was born, so he had been wondering when to take it out and drink it. Since the Shadow Clan Master liked aged wine, he brought it here.


"For you to bring such a precious item that you cherished, it would be difficult to refuse the request even before hearing it."


"It may be discourteous, but perhaps it won't be a big request for the Shadow Clan Master."


"Not a big request?"


The Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak bowed with his hands together and politely said,


"I know it's rude, but if there is a trainee from an Esoteric Realm Gate at tomorrow's final ceremony of Corpse Blood Valley, I hope you can yield to me."


"Esoteric Realm Gate?"


"That's right. It's a child I've had my eye on for a long time, so I came late at night, risking rudeness."


The Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak's request was just that.


At the final ceremony tomorrow, the executives participating will have the right to select the trainees who passed the final gate as their subordinates.


Here, Won Byeong-hak had already set his sights on a trainee from an Esoteric Realm Gate.


At this, the Shadow Clan Master said,


"We don't know the results yet, but judging from your words, that trainee seems to be a quite outstanding talent."


"A child with potential."


'Someone with the qualifications to complete the True Source Thunderbolt Fist.'


He already had one disciple.


However, he failed to complete the final stance of the True Source Thunderbolt Fist and ended up with a crippled right arm.


That's how difficult it was to even learn his unique skill.


'So you've been going around asking other executives who will be at Corpse Blood Valley tomorrow.'


In fact, the Shadow Clan Master had predicted his purpose to some extent.


Due to the nature of the Shadow Sect, which dealt with intelligence and secret agents, he was always keeping an eye on the city, so he had guessed that he was going around asking for something related to tomorrow's final ceremony.


And that guess was correct.


'I see. Alright.'


However, he didn't reveal this.


If he found out that his movements were being tracked, it would only upset the Thunderbolt Fist King's mood.


"I know it's a rude request, but…"


"Not at all. After receiving such a precious wine, how could I refuse the Thunderbolt Fist King's request?"


"Oh, so you can do that for me?"


"Of course. Ohoho."


At the Shadow Clan Master's ingratiating laughter, the Thunderbolt Fist King lightly bowed his head to express his gratitude.


That's how much he coveted that talent.


To him, the Shadow Clan Master said,


"By the way, if it's not too rude, may I also make a request to the Thunderbolt Fist King on this occasion?"


"A request?"


"Actually, since there is only one right to choose, it's fine, but I'm telling you in advance in case you change your mind."


"What do you mean?"


"Yes. I also have one talent I covet. So I'm participating in tomorrow's final ceremony to take them as my disciple."


At those words, the Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak nodded his head.


He had expected that to be the case.


The Shadow Clan Master had never participated despite having several opportunities.


The fact that he was participating this time meant…


"Could it be that child? From the Demon Fire Hall…"


"Yes. That's right."


"Ah. As expected."


His prediction was correct.


The Demon Fire Hall was once called the Four Great Assassin Groups.


The rumor that a girl with tremendous talent from there was participating in the gates of Corpse Blood Valley had spread even among the executives.


"You don't need to worry about that. I only want a boy with a physique capable of properly utilizing the Thunderbolt Fist."


"Ohoho. Thank you for saying that. It's a relief and I'm grateful."


The Shadow Clan Master clapped his hands like a woman and spoke.


His voice was so androgynous that the Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak inwardly wondered if he might be a woman.


Although her talent was outstanding, the fact that he was choosing a girl made it even more so.


But he was contemplating whether he should tell him or not.


That fearsome woman was also coveting the girl from the Demon Fire Hall.


***


Mo Ha-rang of the Demon Fire Hall slightly furrowed her brows.


Suddenly, her right ear felt itchy, and if this wasn't Mok Gyeong-un's room, she would have wanted to stick her finger in and scratch it vigorously.


"Your expression looks like your ear is itchy."


"…"


She inwardly flinched at Mok Gyeong-un's words but tried her best not to show it.


Anyhow, he was remarkably good at reading others' thoughts.


But why did he suddenly call for her?


And at such a late hour.


Could it be because of the final gate tomorrow?


'Unless there's a special variable, there's no way someone monstrous like you would fail to pass the final gate.'


In the end, she asked out of curiosity,


"…But why did you call for me?"


After agreeing to become a faithful 'dog' or 'slave,' she treated Mok Gyeong-un with the utmost respect.


To her question, Mok Gyeong-un replied,


"Ah. It's nothing much. Can you be my light sparring partner?"


"Sparring partner for what…"


She unknowingly swallowed her saliva.


It was slightly suspicious that he had called her alone late at night when he usually didn't.


Could it be that calling her in the middle of the night…


"Can you spar with me?"


"Sp… Spar?"


For a moment, she let out a soft sigh.


Should it be said that she was slightly relieved?


Indeed, if this devilish man had seen her as a woman, he wouldn't have treated her like a faithful dog or slave after poisoning her.


But what's with this sudden talk of sparring?


He had already sparred with her once, so sparring would be largely meaningless…


'Or not?'


Thinking about it, it might not be so meaningless.


Come to think of it, the final gate might be a pure test of martial arts, unlike the previous ones that tested survival skills and potential.


In that case, using sparring to sharpen one's senses beforehand could also be a method.


And,


'…I did want to get my revenge.'


Although she had pledged loyalty due to the poison, she had vowed to break free from it someday.


And with her own righteous skills at that.


Mo Ha-rang's eyes changed as she looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


Her eyes were already moving back and forth, searching for Mok Gyeong-un's weaknesses.


'It's different from back then.'


Back then, she couldn't accurately gauge Mok Gyeong-un's level.


But now, after observing him closely several times, she had an idea of his martial arts level and what he was skilled at.


She was already picturing it in her mind.


To fight against Mok Gyeong-un, she had to avoid directly clashing with him as much as possible.


Usually, when his true energy and trajectory differed, even a slight collision would cause the martial power to scatter.


It was the same for her master.


'If I don't give him an opening.'


A somewhat lethal picture could be drawn.


Back then, she had approached the fight with the intention of not killing Mok Gyeong-un, so she didn't use killing techniques or secret skills.


But if she approached it with the real intention to kill, it might be possible.


"Your eyes are brimming with enthusiasm."


"Ah…"


"Well, if that's the case, you can attack me with the intention of really killing me."


"What?"


"If you subdue me, I'll give you the antidote."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Mo Ha-rang's expression changed significantly.


Just a moment ago, it was merely a hypothetical situation she had envisioned, but if there was a reward at stake, the story would be different.


If the Linked Kill and the secret sword technique of the Killing King, the Flash Shadow Flying Dagger Technique, were combined, she was confident she could kill anyone at her level.


"…Do you really mean that?"


"Yes. I promise. If you can subdue me right now…"


Before Mok Gyeong-un's words could even finish,


Small daggers in the shape of hidden weapons popped out from the sleeves of her right and left arms.


It was a preemptive strike.


She intended to make the first move before Mok Gyeong-un could react and decide the match.


The origin of her martial arts was assassination.


Therefore, the key was to disrupt the opponent's timing rather than openly fighting against them.


However,


Thud!


'!?'


Mo Ha-rang's expression instantly stiffened.


'What… is this…'


What was going on?


She was certain that she had moved first as soon as he finished speaking.


But somehow, Mok Gyeong-un's blade finger was already touching her neck.


'…I didn't see it.'


Back then, she had thought that she was far superior at least in terms of speed.


But now, she couldn't see Mok Gyeong-un's movements at all.


She couldn't even perceive it, yet the tip of his finger was touching her.


"You're slow."


Drip!


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, a drop of cold sweat trickled down Mo Ha-rang's fair cheek.


It felt like her neck would be pierced with the slightest movement.