Chapter 121: Demon Sword (1)

"If you agree to join me, I will give you one of the legendary demon swords, the Evil Commandment Sword[1]."


-Murmur murmur!


At the Shadow Master's words, the crowd stirred.


"The Evil Commandment Sword?"


"Yes. He said the demon sword, Evil Commandment Sword."


"That, that was in the Shadow Master's possession?"


"Oh my…"


It wasn't just the warriors wearing the red belts of Corpse Blood Valley who were astonished like this.


Even the executives who had their backs turned looked at the Shadow Master with surprised eyes.


Even the Bright Blade King, Son Yun, who was confident no matter what proposal the Shadow Master made, had his eyes wavering at the mention of the Evil Commandment Sword.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un swept his eyes around and wondered.


He had only mentioned a single sword, so why were they reacting like this?


-Ha… The Evil Commandment Sword.


Then, Cheong-ryeong's voice reached Mok Gyeong-un's ears.


She also seemed quite surprised, as her voice was filled with excitement.


Curious about her reaction, Mok Gyeong-un tried sending a silent message, focusing on the wooden puppet at his chest.


-Do you know what the Evil Commandment Sword is?


-Huh?


It was a doubtful silent message.


But she replied in a surprised voice.


-How in the world did you do that?


-Ah. It's called a silent message. I thought it might work, and it seems you can hear it.


Even though she was sealed in the wooden puppet, it seemed possible because this was also a method of transmitting sound.


-When did you learn this?


-The Summoning Sound Valley Master over there taught me.


-I see you learned it from that flirtatious wench who uses Sound Techniques.


-Yes.


-I think I've heard of it. There are some among the Shaolin monks who know how to use this method.


-Anyway, why are you and everyone else so surprised?


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue.


However, since Mok Gyeong-un barely knew anything about the martial world, it was right to explain it to him.


-Among the blacksmiths who make weapons, there are those who are called master craftsmen. The weapons made by them gain fame and are called famous swords or unrivaled weapons.


-I think I've heard of them. Like the Heaven Reliant Sword[2], Gan Jiang, or Mo Ye[3], right?


-Yeah. That's it.


-What?


-Gan Jiang and Mo Ye.


-Gan Jiang and Mo Ye?


-Yes. Those are called famous swords, but they are also known as demon swords.


-I didn't know that.


Mok Gyeong-un learned writing and scholarship through his grandfather.


In his studies, he heard various ancient tales and only knew that Gan Jiang and Mo Ye were made by heating a furnace with Mo Ye's hair and nails at the request of King Helü of Wu.


-Do you know who the master of Gan Jiang and Mo Ye was?


-Master? Could it be Ou…


-Yes. The Evil Commandment Sword was made by their master, the great craftsman Ou Yezi.


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes glinted with interest.


That was because if it was Ou Yezi, he was known as the greatest craftsman of his time and even to this day.


The Great Craftsman Ou Yezi[4].


Even now, the swords that could be called the best were made during the Spring and Autumn period, and half of those famous swords were made by the great craftsman Ou Yezi of the Yue (越) Kingdom.


The legendary famous swords such as Great Destroyer, Juque[5], Black, Zhànlú[6], Purity, Chúnjūn[7], Victory over Evil, Shengxie[8], Fish-belly, Yuchang[9], Dragon Gulf, Longyuan[10], Great Riverbank, Tai'e[11], and Artisanal Display, Gongbu[12] were all born from his hands.


These were famous swords that anyone with a little education would know, as there were many well-known anecdotes and tales about them.


-That's interesting. Ou Yezi… But I don't think I've heard of the Evil Commandment Sword before.


-That's to be expected. Those were the swords Ou Yezi wanted to keep hidden.


-He wanted to keep them hidden?


-Literally. There was a strange legend circulating among craftsmen a long time ago.


-What strange legend?


-The legend that if you make a sword using the flesh and blood of a living human as an offering, the greatest famous sword will be born.


Making a sword with a living human?


For ordinary people, it would be a story that not only gave them goosebumps but also made them express shock.


However, at those words, the corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth curved up.


-That's cool.


-What?


-No, it's nothing. So, is that Evil Commandment Sword made by offering a living human?


-That's not known for certain. In the historical records of ancient times, there is a record that Ou Yezi succeeded in melting the Guanya black iron, which was said to be unmeltable, and made a few unknown demon swords.


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un asked in wonder.


-You're calling it a demon sword, not a famous sword.


-There's a reason it's called that. It's…


As she was about to answer, the Bright Blade King, Son Yun, stepped forward and said,


"The Evil Commandment Sword? How is it that you, Sir Shadow Master, have it?"


At his question, the Shadow Master covered his mouth and replied,


"Ohoho. Somehow, I was fortunate enough to acquire it not long ago. You see, I have a personal hobby of collecting famous weapons."


"Collecting?"


"Yes. Didn't I give your eldest disciple, Grand Elder Woo Ho-rang, the famous Fierce Tiger Blade that I had in my possession?"


At those words, the Bright Blade King, Son Yun, recalled an event from six years ago.


As a gift for his eldest disciple Woo Ho-rang becoming a Grand Elder, the Shadow Master had given him the famous blade Fierce Tiger Blade, Hogul[13].


The Fierce Tiger Blade was a famous blade made by Moo Ha-tae, who was known as the most talented craftsman of his time, possessing a sharpness that could cut through even giant rocks with a single stroke.


It was a blade that suited Woo Ho-rang perfectly.


"…I'm still grateful for that. But what you're talking about now is a demon sword. Isn't it literally a cursed sword?"


'Cursed?'


What does that mean?


As he wondered, the Shadow Master shrugged his shoulders and said it was fine.


"It's just a sword that hasn't found its owner. To the chosen owner, it's an endless famous sword. Isn't there a clear example of that? Like the Renowned Cleaving Sword[14] of Wee Tak-hyun, the Vice Alliance Leader of the Righteous Alliance."


At those words, the crowd stirred once again.


Wee Tak-hyun, the Vice Alliance Leader of the Righteous Alliance.


He was one of the Eight Stars of the Six Heavens and Eight Starsand was known as one of the top five swordsmen in the current martial world.


However, the reason they were surprised wasn't because of this peerless master named Wee Tak-hyun.


Son Yun frowned and said,


"Are you saying that without knowing how the previous owners of that Renowned Cleaving Sword sword all died of illness within half a year?"


That's right.


The Renowned Cleaving Sword Sword, another demon sword known to have been made by the great craftsman Ou Yezi.


Because of that sword, countless swordsmen engaged in bloody conflicts, and there were several instances where the owner changed.


However, the owners who possessed this sword all died of illness within half a year without exception.


"That's too dangerous…"


"But hasn't Wee Tak-hyun been fine for fifteen years?"


Everyone died.


However, there was a single exception: Wee Tak-hyun, the Vice Alliance Leader of the Righteous Alliance, one of the Eight Stars, known as the Sword of Satisfaction[15].


"He is a peerless master who has surpassed the wall. He's different from the previous owners."


With those words, Son Yun looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


No matter how outstanding his talent was, he still considered him an unpolished gem.


Giving a demon sword to such an unpolished gem was a dangerous act.


"Demon swords aren't called demon swords for nothing. If you really want to entice this child, it would be better to replace it with another collected item…"


"Alright."


"What?"


In an instant, at Mok Gyeong-un's words, Son Yun furrowed his brows.


What did this guy just say?


Did he not properly hear why he said that demon sword was dangerous?


As he was thinking that, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"If I go with the Shadow Master, you're saying you'll give me that sword called the Evil Commandment Sword, right?"


"You?"


Could this guy possibly be coveting it just because it was made by the great craftsman Ou Yezi?


At this, the Bright Blade King, Son Yun, dissuaded him with a somewhat heavy expression.


"Listen, child. That's not a sword you should covet yet."


"It's not a sword I should covet?"


At this question, Son Yun clicked his tongue and said,


"It's not to belittle you. As I said earlier, a demon sword is literally a demon sword. You seem to be taking my words lightly because you're young and have a strong desire, but it's not a sword to approach with idle greed or curiosity."


This was a sincere warning from Son Yun.


Although Ou Yezi's demon swords gained attention due to Wee Tak-hyun, just fifteen years ago, four owners lost their lives because of it.


Considering the case of the Renowned Cleaving Sword Sword, Son Yun believed the Evil Commandment Sword would be no different.


-What do you think?


Mok Gyeong-un sent a silent message to Cheong-ryeong.


Then, she replied,


-His words aren't unreasonable.


-What do you mean by that?


-Even before I died, the martial world was engulfed in a storm of blood because of the Great Craftsman Ou Yezi's demon swords.


-It seems there's more than one.


-Yes. It's not known exactly how many there are, but a few are known. Renowned Cleaving Sword, Fear-Killing Sword[16], Evil Commandment Sword…


Although she was dead, the memories were still vivid.


Three swords were discovered in a collapsed royal tomb by a local official and a wealthy merchant.


Those three swords brought a storm of blood to the martial world at that time.


Recalling this, she soon said,


-To be honest, if it were before I died, I would have definitely told you not to covet that demon sword.


-What about now?


-If there is a vengeful spirit in the demon sword, it could also become a source of power for you.


This was Cheong-ryeong's honest opinion.


Mok Gyeong-un had already absorbed Cheong-ryeong's energy, the Gu poison, and even the spiritual beast-level Imaemangnyang, who were weakened due to being sealed, making it his own power.


Considering this, no matter how notorious the demon sword was, she didn't think there would be something so tremendously dangerous to that extent.


-But you're not choosing the Shadow Master because of the demon sword, are you?


At Cheong-ryeong's question, Mok Gyeong-un smiled faintly.


Of course, that wasn't the reason.


Although he was interested in the so-called demon sword, it wasn't enough to change his planned objective.


However,


-That's not the reason, but it turned out to be a coincidence.


-You, mortal…


She had been continuously advising him to choose one of the two Five Kings.


It was because being close to someone in a high position would allow him to get closer to the core.


But Mok Gyeong-un's thoughts were different.


-The Shadow Clan plays the role of shadows, handling information and intelligence, right?


-Mortal… I know you have a lot of interest in things like information, but once you reach a high position, such things will naturally…


While she was speaking, the Shadow Master opened his mouth again.


"Ohoho. The Bright Blade King's words also have a point. Indeed, it's true that demon swords are somewhat dangerous, but since it's also a famous sword made by the Great Craftsman Ou Yezi, I offered it to win that child's favor."


At those words, the Bright Blade King, Son Yun, softly said, "You've thought well."


He thought the Shadow Master had taken a step back.


However,


"But it's a bit awkward to withdraw what I've said in front of everyone watching, isn't it?"


"What?"


"Then, how about this? What if we let that child hold the Evil Commandment Sword once and see if he has the potential to become its owner?"


'!?'


At the Shadow Master's words, the Bright Blade King, Son Yun's expression twisted.


He had said that demon swords were dangerous and shouldn't be given, but now he was going further and suggesting to let him hold it, as if he was taking his words lightly.


"Shadow Master, I clearly…"


"Coincidentally, I happened to bring the sword with me."


"You… brought the sword? What do you mean by that?"


-Snap!


The Shadow Master snapped his fingers.


Then, the martial artists who seemed to be from the Shadow Clan, dressed in black and waiting behind the platform, ran off somewhere.


Soon after, they carefully brought back a long wooden box, carried by two people on a wooden plank.


Everyone's attention was focused on the wooden box, which appeared to be the exact length of a sword (劍).


"Why in the world did you bring this?"


The Bright Blade King, Son Yun, asked in an incomprehensible tone.


It was already a dangerous sword.


He couldn't understand why it was brought all the way to Corpse Blood Valley.


At that question, the Shadow Master smiled slightly, clasped his hands together, bowed his waist, and replied,


"I apologize, but I cannot answer that question, so please understand."


"Understand? Are you avoiding my question now?"


The Bright Blade King, Son Yun's voice was filled with anger.


His energy was surging, as if he was ready to have a showdown at any moment.


"Ah, ah, ah. No choice, I guess."


At this, the Shadow Master approached Son Yun and whispered something in his ear.


Then, Son Yun's eyes, which had been filled with anger, narrowed.


Son Yun also said something softly.


In that way, the whispered conversation between the two went back and forth a few times.


Then, the Shadow Master said in an audible voice,


"What do you think?"


At those words, Son Yun remained silent for a moment before replying,


"…If it becomes a problem, I will have it confiscated at any time."


"That's perfectly reasonable."


What in the world did the Shadow Master say that made the Bright Blade King, Son Yun, suddenly change his attitude?


As he was wondering, the Shadow Master turned his head to Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"Ohoho. That took a bit long. Anyway, since the Bright Blade King also gave his advice, it seems difficult to simply give you this sword, so would you like to hold it once?"


With those words, the Shadow Master nodded to his subordinates.


Then, a warrior opened the tightly closed lid of the wooden box.


The executives who were already curious about the Evil Commandment Sword got up from their seats, turned their bodies, and looked at it.


'!?'


However, inside the opened wooden box, there was another wooden box.


And on the outside of that wooden box, numerous talismans were stuck all over.


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes sparkled.


It might not be visible to the eyes of others, but to Mok Gyeong-un's eyes, an ominous demonic energy (妖氣) was leaking out through the gaps where the talismans were attached.


'It really seems to be a demon sword.'


If it weren't for the talismans, the energy would have been even more exposed on the surface.


The Shadow Master pointed to this wooden box with his hand and said,


"Take it out and hold it yourself. If the sword chooses you, I will give you that instead of a substitute. Ah, of course, on the premise that you come to the Shadow Clan."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un walked forward.


And he placed his hand on the wooden box, which was covered in talismans.


The Bright Blade King, Son Yun's eyes watching this turned peculiar.


He recalled what the Shadow Master had said just before.


[It's difficult to say why I brought it, but let me tell you something interesting.]


[Something interesting?]


[I also found out only after obtaining this, but that sword makes human desires surface.]


[It makes desires surface? What do you mean by that?]


[Literally. It makes you unable to control your own desires.]


[How could you bring such a dangerous thing…]


[Aren't you curious? What the true desire of that child who defected to our sect is?]


[…]


Mok Gyeong-un's true desire.


Would the Evil Commandment Sword really reveal that desire as the Shadow Master said?


***