Chapter 125: Shadow Clan (2)

"Well, well… You have a remarkable talent for surprises."


-Woooooosh!


The energy suddenly erupting from Mok Gyeong-un.


It went beyond being yin and was closer to a dreadful death energy that could only be felt from the dead.


'What in the world is this?'


The Shadow Master couldn't hide his astonishment at the eerie energy that stimulated not only the five senses but even the sixth sense.


He had also accumulated yin energy through the Ghost Yin Technique for many years, but it was incomparably colder and more yin compared to that.


'Is this enough?'


Mok Gyeong-un inwardly thought at the Shadow Master's reaction.


That was because the death energy Mok Gyeong-un was showing now wasn't in its complete form but adjusted to a level that living people could feel.


The complete energy of death was an energy that only the deceased or the Two Demonic Beauties could sense.


-Hmph. You must have really hated the idea of castration.


-Well.


Mok Gyeong-un shrugged his shoulders slightly at Cheong-ryeong's sneer.


What he needed right now was the position of the Shadow Master's disciple and successor.


If he only needed the title of a subordinate, he should have entered under an executive of the Five Kings' level, not the Shadow Master.


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un concealed the energy he had revealed.


This was also quite tricky to control, contrary to how it looked.


He had to reveal the death energy at a subtle level as if from the Peak Realm.


"Is this enough?"


Mok Gyeong-un asked the Shadow Master.


Then, the Shadow Master, who had been amazed by Mok Gyeong-un's death energy, opened his mouth.


"I've seen many talented individuals, but you're the first of your kind. An energy more yin than what can be cultivated through the Ghost Yin Technique…"


It was a rare occurrence.


There weren't many ways for a man's body to cultivate yin energy.


Most of them could be said to be extreme or fatal for a man's body.


Even if he found someone born with yin energy, they had incurable diseases like the Nine Yin Severed Meridians[1] and had extremely short lifespans.


Perhaps that was why the Shadow Master asked with curiosity,


"How did you cultivate this energy?"


At this question, Mok Gyeong-un pondered for a moment.


Then, he followed Cheong-ryeong's advice ringing in his ears.


"To be honest, I don't know. Every time I cultivated my internal energy, yin energy accumulated within my body. It might be because of my constitution."


"Constitution?"


"Yes."


"Hmm."


At those words, the Shadow Master's eyes narrowed.


"May I examine your body for a moment?"


The Shadow Master wanted to examine Mok Gyeong-un's body, just in case.


It was hard to believe that a man's body could possess such tremendous yin energy without castration.


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un readily extended his hand.


The Shadow Master placed his fingers on the blood vessels of Mok Gyeong-un's wrist.


-Swish!


And he injected his own yin energy.


The yin energy that entered through the Shadow Master's fingers flowed into Mok Gyeong-un's body along his blood vessels.


'Control… Control…'


Mok Gyeong-un focused his mind and adjusted the death energy.


Although there was no way the Shadow Master could read the energy of death, it was in case his internal energy had a yin tendency.


'Will it disperse?'


If it was yang internal energy, it would disperse when it collided with Mok Gyeong-un's death energy.


This was a concerning part, but Mok Gyeong-un didn't mind.


He could make a way, one way or another.


-Swish!


At that moment, the Shadow Master removed his fingers from Mok Gyeong-un's pulse.


Then, with a highly satisfied face, he said, curling his lips,


"Contrary to my concerns, your blood vessels are strong, and your internal organs are healthy."


What the Shadow Master was concerned about was Mok Gyeong-un's physical condition.


If the state of his body was poor or unbalanced due to the yin energy that exceeded expectations, it would be meaningless even if he learned it.


'To have such luck.'


Naturally, the Shadow Master couldn't help but feel excited.


Even if they were castrated at a very young age, a rebellious spirit would arise, so he thought Mok Gyeong-un, at the age of 17, wouldn't accept it.


That's why he thought it would be difficult to have a true disciple.


However, if he had this innate yin energy, it seemed he could circulate the techniques of the Ghost Yin Technique, Flying Ghost Blade Technique, and Ghost Shadow Claw Technique.


'And if done well…'


If he accepted Mok Gyeong-un as a disciple and examined his body, he might be able to create a secret method to stabilize yin energy without castration.


It was truly a joyful day to have such luck come in bundles.


However, the Shadow Master didn't reveal this and said,


"What a coincidence. I didn't expect this, but it seems you coming to me is good luck."


"Then, will you accept me as your disciple?"


"Of course. Even if it weren't for that, depending on the situation, I would have accepted you as a quasi-disciple…"


-Knock knock!


Before the Shadow Master could finish his words,


Someone urgently knocked on the door of the indoor training room.


At this, the Shadow Master approached the iron door of the training room and knocked in the same way, making a thumping sound.


The only difference was that he knocked only once.


-Thud!


Then,


-Creak!


The iron door of the training room opened, and a middle-aged man with a mustache entered.


"Society Leader."


"External Affairs Director Yeon. What is it?"


At his question, the middle-aged man called External Affairs Director Yeon, aware of Mok Gyeong-un's presence, tried to report by whispering in his ear.


Then, the Shadow Master shook his head and said,


"You don't have to be so conscious. From this moment, that child has become my disciple."


"Disciple?"


At those words, External Affairs Director Yeon's eyes widened.


"You don't mean a quasi-disciple, but…"


"Yes. An official disciple."


"Ah, ah, ah."


Then, the External Affairs Director knelt on one knee and clasped his hands together, shouting to the Shadow Master,


"Society Leader. Congratulations on accepting a disciple!"


"Ohohoho."


The Shadow Master waved his hands and expressed his joy.


Seeing them, Mok Gyeong-un slightly tilted his head.


It was hard to understand what a quasi-disciple was and what an official disciple meant.


Judging by the murmuring of the warriors guarding the door of the indoor training room, it seemed to be a topic of discussion.


At that moment, External Affairs Director Yeon also clasped his hands together and greeted Mok Gyeong-un.


"External Affairs Director Yeon Baek greets the Society Leader's official disciple."


"I am Mok Gyeong-un."


Caught off guard, Mok Gyeong-un also clasped his hands together, bowed his head, and accepted the greeting.


It felt exaggerated, but was this really such a big deal?


As he was thinking that, External Affairs Director Yeon said, unable to hide his excitement,


"I sincerely admire Young Master's determination. I fully understand the difficult decision you made as a man."


'Huh?'


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un frowned.


What was he talking about now?


Did he think he became a disciple because he agreed to be castrated?


-Hahahahaha!


Cheong-ryeong laughed like crazy as if she was holding her stomach.


Even Mok Gyeong-un, who had no emotional response to this matter, found it absurd enough to let out a small chuckle.


However, Mok Gyeong-un didn't need to clarify this.


"Ohoho. I think I caused a misunderstanding. This child won't be castrated."


"What?"


At his words, External Affairs Director Yeon showed an incomprehensible expression.


He had served the Shadow Master for a long time, so he knew better than anyone that castration was essential to learn his unique martial arts.


But if he wasn't going to be castrated, why was he a true disciple?


To the puzzled man, the Shadow Master said with a smile,


"Should I say he was born with yin energy?"


"Yin energy?"


At the Shadow Master's words, External Affairs Director Yeon unknowingly looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


Then, discovering something, he said in a surprised voice,


"Society Leader. That sword, could it be?"


The reason for his astonishment was the Evil Commandment Sword hanging from Mok Gyeong-un's waist.


As the one who served the Shadow Master, he naturally knew about that sword.


"Ah. I gave the sword to this child."


"The sword?"


"Yes."


"But that sword is…"


External Affairs Director Yeon swallowed his words, unable to finish his sentence.


That sword was deemed too dangerous and uncontrollable, so he had entrusted it to a monk he was acquainted with to seal its demonic energy.


[It was fortunate that I had to go to Corpse Blood Valley for the observation anyway.]


That taoist was Yeon Hae-pyeong, the third disciple of In Seo-ok, the leader of the Primal Killing Pavilion in charge of Corpse Blood Valley.


'I'm not sure if this will be alright.'


External Affairs Director Yeon looked at the Evil Commandment Sword with worried eyes.


That sword was a demon sword.


Including the Shadow Master himself, his subordinates, and even 'those' who had learned martial arts from him couldn't control that sword.


But was it okay to give that to a newly accepted disciple?


To the concerned External Affairs Director Yeon, the Shadow Master said understandingly,


"You don't have to worry. The sword has chosen this child as its master."


"What? Is that true?"


"Would I ever lie to the External Affairs Director? Ohohoho."


"Oh my."


At these words, External Affairs Director Yeon alternately looked at Mok Gyeong-un and the Evil Commandment Sword in amazement.


There was no way the Shadow Master would lie about this.


If this was true, it couldn't be anything but a coincidence.


It had only been six days since the Evil Commandment Sword came into the Shadow Master's possession.


And that sword was going into the hands of the first disciple he gained from participating in the Corpse Blood Valley's closing ceremony…


'Is it fate?'


There was no other way to see it.


Or should he say that the young master was blessed with heavenly fortune?


If it couldn't be controlled, it might be called a demon sword, but if it had chosen its master, it could be said to be the greatest famous sword made by the master craftsman Ou Yezi.


However,


'I'm not sure if it will be alright.'


There was someone who directly obtained that sword under the Shadow Master's orders and desired it more than anyone.


He was worried that it might lead to trouble if that person found out.


Moreover, since this Young Master had become an official disciple, he might show strong opposition, thinking that the rolling stone had pushed out the embedded stone.


'I hope there won't be any problems.'


Although he was worried, he couldn't foresee the future for now.


More importantly, there was a more urgent matter at hand.


"Ah! Society Leader, I think you should go to the Sect Hall right away."


"What's the matter?"


"Urgent news has arrived from Nineteen, eulmyeong (乙鳴) ."


At External Affairs Director Yeon's words, the Shadow Master, who had been smiling, frowned.


'Nineteen, eulmyeong? The Imperial Palace[2]?'


The basis of intelligence was the code.


All transmissions were conveyed in code, but the Shadow Master had memorized them all, so he could accurately know the location just by hearing words associated with the Heavenly Stems, Earthly Branches, and the Five Elements.


External Affairs Director Yeon glanced at Mok Gyeong-un once and said in a small voice,


"It seems they have found it. The underground Golden Prison has the Plum Blossom…"


"Shh!"


Suddenly, the Shadow Master interrupted his report.


He had judged that since he had become an official disciple, he should learn about the affairs of the Shadow Clan, so it was fine for him to hear, but this was an exception.


"Let's talk about that at the Clan Main Hall."


"Ah… I understand."


As the External Affairs Director answered, the Shadow Master turned his head and asked Mok Gyeong-un for understanding.


"Will you wait here? I'll be back soon. Ah. It would be good if you memorize this in advance."


The Shadow Master took something out of his bosom and handed it to him.


It was a scroll rolled up, and on the outside, it was written:


[Ghost Shadow Claw Technique)]


It was the secret manual of the Ghost Shadow Claw Technique, one of the Shadow Master's unique martial arts.


Receiving it, Mok Gyeong-un bowed his head and replied,


"I understand."


"Then, I'll be back soon."


With those words, the Shadow Master left the indoor training room with the External Affairs Director.


After they left and closed the iron door, Mok Gyeong-un recalled the report External Affairs Director Yeon had made earlier.


'Plum Blossom?'


What was that?


What did they find?


Does Plum Blossom (拜火) mean bowing to fire?


It seemed to be cut off in the middle, so this wasn't all. What kind of matter was it that they maintained strict security even from him, who had become an official disciple?


Well, he thought he would soon find out even if he wasn't impatient.


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un unrolled the scroll the Shadow Master had given him.


Since he said he would be back soon, it seemed he could pass the time by looking at the secret manual of the Ghost Shadow Claw Technique.


However, it didn't take long.


Mok Gyeong-un, who had scanned through it in one go, nodded his head.


"It's quite an interesting claw technique."


There were energy circulation methods and detailed postures, so he grasped it instantly.


At this, Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue.


-I don't know about the rest, but I envy that extraordinary brain of yours, mortal.


"Is that so?"


Mok Gyeong-un had been like this since he was young, so it wasn't particularly special to him.


Rather, if this was the original, he thought about entering the mental realm to see how the techniques were executed.


He had been told to memorize it, but there should be no problem if he learned it first.


With that thought, Mok Gyeong-un entered the mental realm while reading the secret manual.


It hadn't even been half a quarter of an hour.


-Bang!


At that moment, the iron door of the indoor training room opened with a rough bang.


'Huh?'


Mok Gyeong-un, who had almost finished the mental training, opened his eyes.


Turning his head towards the entrance, he saw two boys who seemed to be around 18 or 19 years old, the same age as Mok Gyeong-un, and a young man who appeared to be in his mid-twenties.


The young man with quite a sharp impression had a red, angry face for some reason.


The young man who entered looked Mok Gyeong-un up and down, then discovered the Evil Commandment Sword at his waist and gritted his teeth.


-Crunch!


To him, one of the boys with a particularly prominent chin said as if it was absurd,


"How could this happen? Didn't senior brother risk his life to obtain the Evil Commandment Sword?"


"Junior brother is right. That sword should be received by senior brother. But how could they give it to a hostage from the righteous faction?"


"I can't stand this. Brothers, I'll take it back right now!"


With those words, the boy with the prominent chin kicked off the ground and launched his body towards Mok Gyeong-un.


-Whoosh!


Seeing the boy suddenly attacking, Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head, then,


-Smack!


"Huh?"


With one hand, he lightly blocked the trajectory of the claw technique the boy was executing and grabbed his neck with lightning-fast hand movements.


-Clench!


"Kuk!"


Suppressed in an instant without being able to properly execute a single technique, the boy couldn't hide his momentary bewilderment.


Looking at the boy, Mok Gyeong-un said in a dry voice,


"You're risking your life at our first meeting."