Chapter 129: Reunion (2)

Not long ago, in the Crimson Orchid House located on the eastern outskirts of the outer city…


The Crimson Orchid House was famous for its hard-to-obtain fine liquors and its exceptionally talented and beautiful courtesans. Within it, there was a grand and luxurious guest room called Yearned Promise.


As the name suggested, the Yearned Promise guest room was a place that received only distinguished guests. It was a place that entertained only those from renowned clans and clans within the Heaven and Earth Society or those of the Great Clan Leader rank or higher.


As such, the courtesans of the Crimson Orchid House all yearned to go to Yearned Promise and entertain the distinguished guests to form connections.


Even if they couldn't become the primary consort, quite a few had entered as concubines through Yearned Promise.


However, this time, the competition was particularly fierce.


It was because of a rumor that a guest of the Clan Leader rank from the Heaven and Earth Society had made a reservation after a long time.


[Phew.]


Go Chan, who had possessed Ha Chae-rin, had somehow managed to be included in the group of entertainers.


Due to the competition with the other courtesans, he had wanted to change his approach.


He had invested too much time to give up and leave now.


-Swish.


Go Chan quietly waited for his turn.


The most special time in Yearned Promise was when the courtesans would showcase their talents or arts one by one in front of the distinguished guest.


-Ding~! Ding~!


Currently, a courtesan was dancing in front of the distinguished guest, fluttering her long sleeves to display her skills.


In Go Chan's hand was a geomungo*.


(*T/N: A traditional Korean six-stringed zither)


Since he had passed the audition by playing the geomungo when entering the Crimson Orchid House, he intended to do the same this time.


However, the problem was that someone had already played the geomungo before him.


'Damn it.'


To be honest, the skills of the courtesan who had played the geomungo before him were a level above his own.


After all, he was originally an assassin, not a musician.


'I can't miss this opportunity.'


He knew that the rank of Clan Leader was quite high within the Heaven and Earth Society.


If he could gain access through such a person, he would be able to enter the inner region of the Heaven and Earth Society.


However, not only Go Chan but the other courtesans were also desperate to catch the eye of this esteemed guest.


'What a fate, to have to compete with courtesans in this.'


No, it was hard to call it fate.


Having died and become a spirit, what fate was there to speak of?


It was the pitiful destiny of a bound spirit.


Just then, a rough voice could be heard from inside.


[Next!]


As soon as the voice ended, the courtesan who had gone inside earlier came out with a disappointed expression.


It seemed she had tried her best to seduce the guest but failed and was in a bad mood.


However, this was already the sixth courtesan like this.


'Strange.'


Originally, even if it was the distinguished guest-only Yearned Promise, they wouldn't call for additional courtesans beyond the set number.


But there were 10 courtesans waiting, including himself.


16 courtesans were waiting for the distinguished guest.


Thanks to that, he was able to be included in that number without issue, but just how high of a position must this person hold for the Madam to put in so much effort?


[It's my turn.]


Just then, a courtesan stepped forward.


She appeared to be in her mid-twenties and was the courtesan who had challenged Go Chan.


As she was about to enter, the Madam whispered something in her ear in a low voice.


Go Chan observed this closely.


The body he possessed, Ha Chae-rin, had learned the art of lip-reading, so he could roughly guess the words just by the shape of the lips.


[He's the disciple of the Five Kings. The Five Kings. This is your last chance.]


'!?'


At the Madam's words, Go Chan's eyes widened.


He knew they were paying special attention, but the person inside right now wasn't just of the Clan Leader rank but a disciple of the Five Kings, known as the high-ranking executives of the Heaven and Earth Society?


Go Chan couldn't hide his inner surprise.


'The Five Kings…'


The Five Kings of the Heaven and Earth Society were masters recognized as the strongest, leaving aside political affairs and looking at the entire martial world.


And one of their disciples is here?


He wasn't sure if this would be alright.


'Will I be discovered with Ha Chae-rin's concealment technique?'


The Four Great Assassins, as their title suggested, possessed a concealment technique that allowed them to hide their energy.


Of course, that concealment wasn't perfect.


Because it involved inserting needles into several acupuncture points to block the energy channels.


Currently, Go Chan had lowered his energy to the level of a second-rate using the concealment technique.


If he completely blocked the energy channels, it would be difficult to react when a dangerous situation occurred.


'This is troublesome.'


Even the rank of Clan Leader was high, but if he got entangled with a disciple of the Five Kings, he might lose this body.


While he was worrying like that…


[Tsk!]


The courtesan who had gone in earlier came out with a puffed-up face.


It seemed she was told to leave right away, even though she hadn't been inside for long.


[He likes young girls, doesn't he?]


[…]


It seemed she was kicked out immediately because of her age.


The Madam looked at her with pity and then gestured to Go Chan.


It was already his turn.


[Don't upset his mood too much, and if he seems displeased, come out right away.]


[… I will.]


It seemed too late to change the plan.


With a slightly nervous expression, Go Chan entered the Yearned Promise, the distinguished guest room.


Inside, a somewhat rough-looking man in his early thirties with short facial hair was sitting in a relaxed posture, drinking from a bottle.


-Gulp, gulp!


The manly-looking man put down the empty bottle on the table and looked at Go Chan.


His gaze swept over him from top to bottom.


For a moment, Go Chan felt goosebumps all over his body.


The way he was assessing his entire body as if appraising him made Go Chan almost blurt out a curse without realizing it.


'Damn it. It's disgusting.'


Soon, the corners of the man's mouth could be seen slightly twitching.


It seemed he was pleased with Go Chan's appearance.


The man opened his mouth.


[Your face is quite pretty. Show me the talent you possess.]


'Ugh.'


Go Chan barely suppressed his inner thoughts and calmly replied.


[Yes, sir.]


Even speaking with his own mouth, the goosebumps wouldn't subside.


But he had to endure it.


To get to his master's side, he needed to enter the inner region of the Heaven and Earth Society.


-Ding!


Go Chan sat on a chair and placed the pick on the strings of the geomungo.


Before he could even play properly, the man raised one eyebrow and then waved his hand, signaling him to put it away.


'What's with this bastard?'


For a young man, he was unexpectedly picky, unlike his hearty appearance.


He seemed to be the owner of a personality that was fussy about many things, unlike his open and generous appearance.


Just then, the Madam came out, knocking on a bamboo cane, and said,


[I apologize. Prepare the next girl right away…]


[No. Stay outside.]


[Pardon?]


[I want to see something else in this girl.]


[… I understand.]


The puzzled Madam went back inside the waiting room.


He had tried to showcase his musical talent, but the man who had refused it was now telling him to stay, saying he wanted to see something else?


While thinking that, the man spoke.


[Girl. I see you have learned martial arts.]


'… So that's what it was.'


As expected of a disciple of the Five Kings, he immediately noticed that Go Chan had learned martial arts.


Since he had deliberately blocked his energy channels to reveal a second-rate level, he had expected a high-level expert to notice.


However, Go Chan found it difficult to gauge this man's skill level.


He could only surmise that he was at least a master of the Peak Realm.


At his words, Go Chan recited the lines he had prepared in advance.


[It's just a small skill I learned from my late father. It's merely enough to protect myself from ruffians, so please don't think too highly of it.]


[You learned it from your deceased father?]


[My father was a low-ranking warrior within the association.]


[Oh? Is that so?]


The man showed interest in Go Chan's words.


Within the Heaven and Earth Society, third-rate and second-rate martial artists were abundant, so it wasn't particularly surprising, but a courtesan learning martial arts seemed to be perceived differently.


[Even if he was low-ranking, for the child of a warrior of the great Heaven and Earth Society to live as a courtesan in such a place… It's truly a pitiful fate.]


[…]


It would be good to show a teary-eyed look here, but the situation itself was so uncomfortable that it was difficult for Go Chan to put on such an act.


Just then, the man chuckled and said,


[… Did you think I would comfort you like that? The world is full of people in hardship. Becoming a courtesan was your choice, so isn't it ridiculous to expect comfort?]


[Your words are just, sir.]


There was no need to act unnecessarily.


But then, the man suddenly shrugged his shoulders and said,


[But they say life brings a few strokes of luck.]


[…]


[If your meager martial arts can pique my interest, I shall accept you as one of my people.]


[As one of your people?]


[My so-called guards are all dull men, so it's been a bit lonely. Wouldn't it be pleasing to the eyes to have a pretty girl like you?]


'Look at this?'


Not as a concubine but as a guard?


For a man with a rough way of speaking and who said he wouldn't offer comfort, he was showing generosity in a peculiar way.


He didn't seem to be as narrow-minded as he had thought.


Rather, it worked out well.


He had been at a loss as to what to do if he entered as a concubine, but this might actually be better.


However, he became curious about this fellow's identity.


[Sir, before I demonstrate my skills, may I ask your esteemed name?]


[My name?]


[If you're saying you might accept a lowly… servant like me, how can I not know your esteemed name?]


At Go Chan's question, the man gulped down a bottle of liquor and said,


[You mean me? Hahahaha!]


-Thud!


The man, who had laughed heartily, picked up something that had been placed on the floor and lightly lifted it.


It was none other than…


'An ax?'


It wasn't the kind of ax used to chop firewood but a massive ax that could split a person in half with a single strike.


Seeing this, someone among the Five Kings came to Go Chan's mind.


'Axe-Destroying King (破斧王) Ho Taegang.'


He was known as a supreme master who had slaughtered countless experts of the righteous faction with a single ax.


And he was one of the Eight Stars, regarded as the greatest masters of the martial world.


Realizing who his master was, Go Chan unconsciously swallowed his saliva, and the man revealed his identity.


[I am Ho Jong-hyeok, the Great Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan.]


***


'Damn it.'


Guard Go Chan, who had possessed Ha Chae-rin's body.


Go Chan couldn't lift his face due to extreme embarrassment.


By demonstrating his dagger-throwing skills, he had managed to become a guard of this man, Ho Jong-hyeok, the Great Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan, who had come as a distinguished guest to the Crimson Orchid House.


However, although his title was a guard, this fellow was treating him almost like a concubine.


Not only did he make him wear clothes that revealed his chest, but he also had him pour drinks all day by his side.


'This is driving me crazy.'


He had been going along with the fellow's tune, enduring it until he could find his master, Mok Gyeong-un, but to think he would end up showing such an embarrassing sight.


He wanted to immediately remove Ho Jong-hyeok's arm that was wrapped around his waist.


-Kekekeke. That fellow's soul is that of a man, isn't it? The way he's acting, he's completely become a wench.


Cheong-ryeong laughed at Go Chan's appearance.


Mok Gyeong-un also found it somewhat unexpected, but in fact, he had no particular feelings about it.


Rather, his gaze was drawn to the curly-haired youth with a radiant appearance and those around him.


They were all exceptional experts, not ordinary people.


Just then, the escort warrior assigned by the Shadow Clan Master hurriedly whispered,


"Young Master, you must quickly pay your respects. The one at the very front is Young Master Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader."


'Jang Neung-ak?'


Ah, so that curly-haired man was one of the three disciples of the Society Leader, the leader of the Heaven and Earth Society, Jang Neung-ak?


He had heard from the Corpse Blood Valley Master, Lee Ji-yeom.


[Aside from the senior disciple, Young Master Na Yul-ryang, it would be difficult for me to describe the appearances of the second and third disciples as I haven't seen them. However, according to rumors, it would be best to be cautious if you meet the second young master.]


He remembered that his reputation wasn't very good.


He had heard that he had a tyrannical temperament, wanting to obtain anything he desired.


Just from his outward appearance, he didn't particularly seem that way.


In any case, there was nothing good about clashing with this person right now, so Mok Gyeong-un clasped his hands in greeting and bowed his head to show respect.


"Greetings to Young Master Jang Neung-ak."


As he greeted like that, there was no response.


Rather, Jang Neung-ak seemed to have no interest and tried to pass by Mok Gyeong-un and the escort warrior.


'Is that fortunate?'


It might be better for him not to be interested.


However, it became a bit troublesome.


It seemed difficult to take Go Chan away right away as he was with the entourage of Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader.


So, he was about to ask through voice transmission who the person with him was, but…


-Tap!


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak, who had passed by, stopped.


Then, turning his head, he said,


"You just now… I don't think I've seen you before. Who are you?"


'…'


He had hoped he would pass by, but he stopped and asked.


Mok Gyeong-un turned his body and replied while maintaining his posture of greeting with clasped hands.


"I am Mok Gyeong-un, disciple of the Shadow Clan Master."


"Shadow Clan Master?"


"Yes."


"Is there a guy named Mok Gyeong-un among the Shadow Clan Master's disciples?"


"This is the first time I've heard of it. Under the Shadow Clan Master… Wait, Young Master, isn't this brat that guy?"


'That guy?'


What are they talking about?


At that moment of confusion…


-Swish!


Suddenly, in Mok Gyeong-un's lowered gaze, a pair of legs appeared in front of him.


"Hoh, so you're that guy."


The owner of the voice was none other than Jang Neung-ak.


Based on the vast energy emanating from him, Mok Gyeong-un had estimated that he was quite strong, but his movement was extremely fast.


He was already standing right in front of him.


"You… You're the hostage of the righteous faction who passed the Corpse Blood Valley's gates with the highest score this time, aren't you?"


At his question, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed.


Not much time had passed since the discipleship ceremony at Corpse Blood Valley had ended.


Yet how did this person already know about him?


While he was thinking that…


-Tap! Swish!


Jang Neung-ak lifted Mok Gyeong-un's chin with the folding fan he was holding in his hand.


Then, smirking, he said,


"I only feel like you're at the beginning of the peak realm, so how could a guy like you have gotten the highest score at the Corpse Blood Valley's gates?"


What should he say in response here?


While he was pondering, Cheong-ryeong's voice rang in his ears.


-Lower your head as much as possible. This isn't the time to clash in terms of strength or influence.


The opponent was the second disciple of the Society Leader.


As he was aiming to be the next Society Leader, he held considerable influence here.


If he carelessly displeased him, his ankles could be grabbed before he could even attempt anything.


Naturally, Mok Gyeong-un had that level of discretion.


Thus,


"It was merely good luck. Thank you for looking upon me favorably…"


Right at that moment…


In the blink of an eye, Jang Neung-ak's index and middle fingers were poking Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.


In that fleeting moment, Mok Gyeong-un made a judgment.


'A test.'


This was clearly a test.


Jang Neung-ak considered his martial prowess to be around the early-stage of Peak Realm, so he had doubts.


Therefore, he was now testing him to reveal his true skills.


Here, Mok Gyeong-un's choice was simple.


"Ugh."


Mok Gyeong-un blinked and closed his eyes, only slightly flinching his body.


Naturally, he wouldn't be able to dodge, and if he kept his eyes open, it would be considered strange, so he did his best to pretend to be an inferior martial artist.


-Thwack!


In front of Mok Gyeong-un, who had his eyes closed, Jang Neung-ak's two fingers stopped by a hair's breadth.


Jang Neung-ak, who had stopped his fingers like that, chuckled.


A woman in her early twenties with thick lips, wearing red clothes, who was one of his companions, also laughed and said,


"It seems he doesn't live up to the rumors, Young Master."


"It appears so."


Jang Neung-ak also nodded as if he had a similar opinion and withdrew his hand.


Fortunately, it seemed he had successfully deceived him.


-Well done, mortal.


Cheong-ryeong also thought that Mok Gyeong-un had handled himself well this time.


However…


"For someone flinching in surprise, his heartbeat is exceptionally calm, Young Master."


"What?"


Jang Neung-ak turned his head and looked at someone.


There stood a middle-aged man with long hair, his eyes covered with a black cloth and leaning on a bamboo cane.


He had the calmest energy among them.


It felt like a clear lake, but could he possibly be a blind man?


While he was thinking that…


"If my subordinate's ears are not mistaken, the person in front was not surprised at all, Young Master."


"…Not surprised at all, you say?"


With those words, Jang Neung-ak turned his head and glared at Mok Gyeong-un with sharp eyes.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un licked his lips slightly.


He had tried his best to act, but it seemed the situation was becoming troublesome.