Chapter 130: Ability (1)

The second disciple Jang Neung-ak, one of the candidates for the next Society Leader.


There were many conflicting opinions about his background, and many who took issue with his disposition and conduct.


However, despite his overflowing greed, those who acknowledged Jang Neung-ak believed that his skill would once again establish the Heaven and Earth Society as a pillar of the Central Plains.


Like the senior disciple Na Yul-ryang, Jang Neung-ak had built up quite a significant force.


It was estimated that its size amounted to 30% within the Heaven and Earth Society.


Among such a force, there were the next-generation powerhouses who formed the backbone, and Jang Neung-ak referred to these subordinates of his as follows:


'Five Mountains Alliance.'


Five enormous mountains.


It literally meant his five cherished subordinates.


Jang Neung-ak, who enjoyed ranking and ordering, regularly had his subordinates compete against each other to determine a new ranking and encourage competition.


As a result, five powerhouses were determined, and they were the Five Mountains Alliance.


Excluding Jang Neung-ak, there were a total of five people present.


Except for the female guard accompanying Ho Jong-hyeok, the Great Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan, everyone from the Second Mountain to the Fifth Mountain was gathered.


Most people assumed that Ho Jong-hyeok, a disciple of Axe-Destroying King Ho Taegang, one of the Eight Stars of the Central Plains and one of the Five Kings, would be either the First Mountain or the Second Mountain, but the reality was different.


'Second Mountain, Wi Maeng-cheon.'


Despite being a blind man who had lost his sight, he was a powerhouse who contended for the position of the First Mountain.


And among the members of the Five Mountains Alliance, he was the only one who was not from the Heaven and Earth Society but brought from outside, and he possessed an ability that everyone avoided as much as his martial prowess.


It was his hyper-senses that had developed after losing his sight.


Among them, his hearing was by far the most exceptional.


[A useful talent.]


Jang Neung-ak highly valued Wi Maeng-cheon's auditory ability.


That's because Wi Maeng-cheon could read other people's emotions or discern the truth from lies with this absurd level of hearing.


-Thump! Thump! Thump!


'… It's steady.'


Wi Maeng-cheon had been carefully listening to this person's heartbeat since first seeing him.


Normally, he wouldn't pay attention to everyone he didn't know.


However, it started because of the guard beside him.


[Young Master, you must quickly pay your respects. The one at the very front is Young Master Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader.]


From this conversation alone, Wi Maeng-cheon learned that one of the approaching individuals was meeting his lord, Jang Neung-ak, for the first time.


Usually, when someone was referred to as a disciple of the Society Leader, their heartbeat would noticeably change due to emotional fluctuations during their first meeting, unless they were executives.


However…


'It's too steady.'


There was not the slightest change in the heartbeat.


It just kept beating, thump, thump, and it could be said to be too regular to this extent.


Even when sleeping, if one had a restless dream, the heartbeat would change, so how could it be this steady?


To this degree, it was almost at the level of a highly trained assassin.


However, even an assassin's heartbeat would have variations.


'Who is he?'


In any case, he was also someone Wi Maeng-cheon was seeing for the first time.

 2

Since Wi Maeng-cheon was blind, he distinguished others through their footsteps, heartbeats, or habitual sounds they made.


But this person was someone whose voice he was hearing for the very first time.


'He maintains his composure even after seeing the Young Master…'


His martial prowess, sensed through his energy, was around the beginning of the peak realm, which was unusual for someone who was at best a senior warrior or a Great Clan Leader, considering his young age.


And Wi Maeng-cheon realized that Mok Gyeong-un was definitely extraordinary through Jang Neung-ak's test.


Although he had lost his sight, he knew how precious eyes were to people.


Therefore, when someone aimed for their eyes, he could confirm that most people's heartbeats would become incomparably larger than usual.


However…


-Thump! Thump! Thump!


'… Just what is this guy?'


How could the sound be exactly the same as before?


Judging from the sound of movement and reaction, it seemed like he flinched in surprise, but there was not the slightest change in his heartbeat.


It was as calm as if he were doing daily activities.


'What is this?'


This was the first time he had encountered someone like this.


Nothing represented emotions as well as the sound of the heart.


But how could this be possible?


After a moment of puzzlement, Wi Maeng-cheon could be certain of one thing.


"If my subordinate's ears are not mistaken, the person in front was not surprised at all, Young Master."


"… Not surprised at all, you say?"


At Wi Maeng-cheon's words, Jang Neung-ak turned his head and glared at Mok Gyeong-un with sharp eyes.


He trusted Wi Maeng-cheon's judgment, as he possessed excellent ability in reading others.


"You… Were you really not surprised?"


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un waved his hands and said,


"… How could that be possible? My eyes were about to be poked, so how could someone not be surprised…"


-Tap!


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak placed the head of his folding fan on Mok Gyeong-un's chest.


Although he didn't possess hyper-senses like Wi Maeng-cheon, he could discern heartbeats through a medium without directly touching with his hands.


Soon, Jang Neung-ak snorted and opened his mouth.


"This guy is completely interesting."


"What? Don't tell me Maeng-cheon's words are true?"


The woman with thick lips and red clothes asked as if intrigued.


Then, Jang Neung-ak swept the folding fan up from the chest to Mok Gyeong-un's chin and said,


"Is it because he has guts? Or is he hiding his skills?"


Jang Neung-ak's eyes seemed to pierce through Mok Gyeong-un.


Seeing his appearance, Mok Gyeong-un clicked his tongue inwardly.


He thought he could deceive him with just facial expression management and appropriate acting, but that blind man seemed more troublesome than expected.


It was his first time encountering someone who listened to heartbeats.


-Mortal, stay calm. Even if his hearing is abnormally sharp, your true skills haven't been exposed.

 1

Cheong-ryeong spoke to Mok Gyeong-un.


The situation was different from when they were in Corpse Blood Valley.


If he made an enemy of the Society Leader's disciple, it could go beyond being annoying, and his chances of avenging his grudge might become remote before he could even attempt anything.


'This guy shouldn't act out rashly.'


Although he had been with him all this time, Mok Gyeong-un's actions were unpredictable.


That's why she was concerned.


In a situation where they weren't fully prepared, the answer was to suppress one's emotions.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un opened his mouth.


"I heard you are one of those closest to the Society Leader."


"Hm?"


At those words from Mok Gyeong-un, one of Jang Neung-ak's eyebrows slightly rose.


It seemed he wasn't too displeased with what he had just said.


Mok Gyeong-un continued,


"The master who taught me said that one must remain calm even in front of a tiger to survive."


At his words, the corners of Jang Neung-ak's mouth slightly curled up.


Unlike his appearance, he seemed to be someone who knew how to speak eloquently.


Referring to him as a tiger meant elevating him as an entity beyond one's capacity, and saying that he maintained composure to survive was lowering himself.


In response, Jang Neung-ak said,


"You seem quite capable in handling yourself."


"Even if I have guts, if the Young Master decides to, you can kill someone like me at any time, so how could I act recklessly?"


"You're not foolish. Yes, those who know how to handle themselves tend to have longer lifespans."


-Zing!


Mok Gyeong-un glanced at the folding fan touching below his neck.


Although there was nothing sharp, the aura emanating from the point of contact seemed ready to pierce his neck at any moment.


As expected of a disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society's leader, he was no ordinary person.


"… I will keep your words in mind."


At Mok Gyeong-un's answer, Jang Neung-ak chuckled, removed the folding fan from his neck, clasped his hands behind his back, and stepped away from Mok Gyeong-un.


Could this quietly pass?


While thinking that, Jang Neung-ak walked a few steps forward and said,


"But you know, while it's good that you can handle yourself, if your skills don't back it up, you can't have this level of composure. Don't you agree, Maeng-cheon?"


"That's right, Young Master."


"This Young Master thinks that the hostage, you bastard, are hiding your skills as much as your composure. I don't know in what way or by what method, though."


At this, Mok Gyeong-un lowered his head and stance and said,


"How could that be possible? I don't meet the level of your expectations."


"Someone who doesn't meet expectations wouldn't have gotten the highest score at the Corpse Blood Valley's gates for no reason. Don't you agree, Jong-hyeok?"


-Gulp, gulp!


At that question, Ho Jong-hyeok, the Great Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan, downed the liquor from the bottle, wiped his lips with his sleeve, and replied,


"If you say he got the highest score with his current skills, it would be impossible unless he possessed heaven-bestowed luck or there was corruption within Corpse Blood Valley."


"This Young Master shares the same thought."


-Shing!


At that moment, the blind Wi Maeng-cheon slightly pulled out his bamboo cane as if drawing it.


Then, a sharp blade hidden inside was revealed.


"It's a matter that can be easily revealed if we test him. Young Master, please leave it to me. I will verify it."


At those words, the red-clothed woman with thick lips also stepped forward.


"Hohoho. I will do it. I want to see if his skills match his handsome face."


Seeing the two eager individuals, Jang Neung-ak chuckled, shook his head, and then spoke to the muscular giant who had been silent all this time, with a rough beard reminiscent of Zhang Yide[1].


"Jeo Mo-pal."


"Yes, my lord."


"I want to see this friend's true skills."


"Yes, my lord."


It was as soon as those words ended.


-Bam!


The man who had been still, no, Jeo Mo-pal, suddenly moved.


Possessing a swift movement that didn't match his giant stature, Jeo Mo-pal instantly tried to strike down on Mok Gyeong-un's head with his interlocked hands.


-Swish!


In response, Mok Gyeong-un utilized his footwork and spread his body backwards.


Then, Jeo Mo-pal, with his arms lowered from the strike, charged forward like a wild boar.


His momentum seemed like it would crush anything.


However, despite this momentum, Mok Gyeong-un maintained his composure and continued to widen the distance using his footwork.


-Tap tap tap!


"Hmph!"


At this, Jeo Mo-pal stamped his foot on the ground, leaving a deep imprint, and extended his fist towards Mok Gyeong-un, who was increasing the distance.


-Boom!


At that moment…


-Whoosh!


A white light flickered from Jeo Mo-pal's fist, and an invisible, heavy force rushed towards Mok Gyeong-un's face.


This was none other than Fist Wind.


As the Fist Wind infused with qi flew towards him, Mok Gyeong-un found it difficult to dodge, so he crossed his arms and immediately assumed a defensive stance.


-Whoosh!


As the Fist Wind struck his crossed arms, Mok Gyeong-un's body was pushed back about six steps.


-Tremble!


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed at his trembling arms.


As he had somewhat guessed based on the energy Jeo Mo-pal was exhibiting, his martial prowess had indeed reached the pinnacle of the peak realm.


However, in terms of the strength infused in his fists alone, it was even higher.


It seemed he possessed external and internal energy that was nearly at the transcendent realm.


'This won't do.'


It seemed difficult to properly face this man with his concealed skills.


However, if he fully revealed his skills, it would turn out as Jang Neung-ak wanted.


'No other choice.'


It would be better to take a few hits and dodge moderately.


His pride wasn't particularly hurt by this.


It was better to be hit a few times and avoid it than to get involved in troublesome matters right away.


That was when it happened.


-Bam!


Jeo Mo-pal's fist, which had instantly closed the distance, struck Mok Gyeong-un's face, causing his head to turn sideways and collide with the ground.


-Bang!


'Phew.'


This hurts a bit.


But this level of pain was nothing.


Mok Gyeong-un could endure even worse than this without letting out a single groan.


At that moment, Jeo Mo-pal, who had driven Mok Gyeong-un's head into the ground and turned him upside down, kicked his abdomen with a qi-infused kick.


-Thud!


-Whoosh!


Mok Gyeong-un, who was hit in the abdomen, was pushed back while arching his back like a shrimp.


Seeing this, Ho Jong-hyeok, the Great Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan, clicked his tongue.


"Tsk tsk. He's done for. Done for."


When he saw Mok Gyeong-un's footwork, he had guessed that he would be at the late-stage peak realm, but seeing him being helplessly beaten, he wondered if he wasn't even at that level.


Jeo Mo-pal might be the lowest among the Five Mountains, but he was an expert with skills approaching the transcendent realm.


When such a skilled person seriously unleashed his martial prowess, how could he be a match even if he was the top scorer at Corpse Blood Valley?


"Hmm."


'Is this all he's capable of?'


Disappointment mixed in the eyes of Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader.


He had expected him to show as much as he had hoped for to some extent, but seeing him being pummeled like that, his expectations were gradually fading.


Well, even if he had hidden his skills, it was virtually impossible for him to be a match for Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountains anyway.


"That's enough. Now…"


He was about to tell him to finish it moderately, but…


"His heartbeat is still steady."


"What?"


"Please leave it to me instead."


-Whoosh!


With those words, someone leaped out.


It was none other than Wi Maeng-cheon, the Second Mountain.


-Shing!


Wi Maeng-cheon, who had drawn the sword hidden in his bamboo cane, instantly flew and slashed at the neck of Mok Gyeong-un, who was being beaten by Jeo Mo-pal.


He unleashed his killing intent to the maximum and showed the momentum to sever the neck in a single stroke.


-Swish!


The moment the blade was about to touch the neck…


-Clang!


-Whoosh!


'!?'


At that instant, Jeo Mo-pal's eyes widened.


Mok Gyeong-un had lightly grasped the fist Jeo Mo-pal was throwing with his left hand and had somehow parried Wi Maeng-cheon's sword with a kick.


"You bastard…"


He was about to say that he was indeed hiding his skills, but Mok Gyeong-un, as if Jeo Mo-pal wasn't even in his concern, looked at the blind Wi Maeng-cheon and said,


"I was letting myself get hit, yet you're making things difficult."


"What the hell are you saying?"


This damn rat bastard was arrogantly saying that he had been letting himself get hit by Jeo Mo-pal?


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jeo Mo-pal's anger surged, and he tried to shake off his grabbed fist and send Mok Gyeong-un's face flying with his other fist.


However…


-Crack!


"Ugh!"


-Thud!


At that moment, along with a groan of pain from Jeo Mo-pal's mouth, his grabbed right wrist was twisted backwards, and he was forced to kneel on one knee on the ground.


'Th-this bastard's energy technique…?'


Jeo Mo-pal couldn't hide his shock.


This bastard's energy technique was surpassing his own, which was close to the transcendent realm.