Chapter 131: Ability (2)

'Will this be alright?'


Guard Go Chan, who had possessed Ha Chae-rin, had an uneasy look in his eyes as he watched the fight beside Ho Jong-hyeok.


He was well aware of Mok Gyeong-un's skills before coming here.


Although he possessed a strange power, he was merely at the second-rate level, so it was questionable whether he could endure against such a monstrous fellow.


However…


-Thud!


'!?'


Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountains Alliance, the Fifth Mountain, was forced to kneel with his right wrist twisted.


Seeing his state, Go Chan couldn't hide his inner shock.


No, it hadn't even been a full month, so just what had happened?


Was Mok Gyeong-un originally this strong?


"… Indeed, my judgment was correct."


The blind Second Mountain, Wi Maeng-cheon, opened his mouth while his sword was still locked.


He had no intention of actually beheading Mok Gyeong-un, but he had created a momentum that seemed like he would slash with maximum killing intent.


As a result, Mok Gyeong-un revealed his true skills.


This was quite surprising.


'He has surpassed the peak realm.'


It exceeded expectations.


He had thought that he might be at the pinnacle of peak realm at most.


However, if he could block his sword strike in an instant and overwhelm Jeo Mo-pal with his internal energy, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that he had reached the beginning of the Transcendent Realm.


"With what skill did he…"


-Woo!


'!?'


The blind Wi Maeng-cheon frowned.


Although their swords were locked, a very faint resonance transmitted to his ears, grating on them.


Then, he felt cracks forming on his sword.


At this…


-Clang!


Wi Maeng-cheon used a sword technique to deflect Mok Gyeong-un's sword.


As the sword was deflected, Mok Gyeong-un's body slightly floated back and was pushed back about five steps.


Then, Wi Maeng-cheon touched and felt the blade of his sword with his fingers.


'The Bamboo Sword is cracked.'


Although it was wrapped in bamboo, it was a renowned sword created by the hands of a skilled craftsman.


Such a Bamboo Sword had developed hairline cracks from a single clash?


Just what kind of sword was it?


-Clap clap clap!


At that moment, the sound of someone clapping could be heard.


The one clapping was none other than the Society Leader's second disciple, Jang Neung-ak.


With the corners of his mouth stretched to his ears, Jang Neung-ak was looking at Mok Gyeong-un with a satisfied gaze.


"Yes, this is exactly what this Young Master wanted to see."


The martial prowess that had passed the Corpse Blood Valley's gates with the highest score, despite being a hostage of the righteous faction.


There was no way it could be shoddy.


Even though he didn't know how he concealed his energy, if he could withstand the sword of Wi Maeng-cheon, the Second Mountain, it was certain that he had surpassed the peak realm.


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un spoke with a troubled expression.


"You're really making things difficult for me."


He had tried his best to conceal his skills.


But to think it would be exposed in this way.


'How annoying.'


If it weren't for that blind man, he wouldn't have been discovered like this.


Through this, Mok Gyeong-un learned one thing.


Nothing was ever perfect.


Even if the energy of death, the "death qi," was an energy that living humans couldn't sense through their perception, if there were people who could discern the opponent in such strange ways, he needed to be even more cautious.


-That blind mortal bastard is a troublesome variable.


Cheong-ryeong also clicked her tongue at this result.


Not revealing one's skills was the most ideal, but now that he had been exposed, they might have to change their plans depending on how that Jang Neung-ak responded.


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak approached and spoke.


"Concealing one's skills in the martial world is quite common. However, for someone not even in his prime to surpass the peak realm is very rare."


'Rare?'


At Jang Neung-ak's words, Ho Jong-hyeok, the Great Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan, clicked his tongue.


Even he, who had been praised by his father for possessing outstanding martial talent, was only able to enter the Transcendent Realm when he was almost thirty.


Of course, even that had earned him the admiration of those around him.


But for a guy who was only 17 or 18 years old to have entered the Transcendent Realm, he deserved to be called a genius.


'… I understand why he hid his martial prowess.'


A sharp awl pierces through the handle.


A moderately outstanding talent might receive hospitality from those around, but if it surpasses that, it becomes the target of wariness and jealousy instead.


Mok Gyeong-un's talent clearly belonged to the latter.


Whether it was his own judgment or the order of his master, the Shadow Clan Master, hiding his skills was probably out of concern for that.


Jang Neung-ak spread his arms wide and said to Mok Gyeong-un,


"I like you."


"…"


"I'll be straightforward. Swear loyalty to this Young Master."


"Swear loyalty?"


"Yes. This Young Master wants talented individuals like you. Those talents are equivalent to this Young Master's power."


That would be natural.


The more strong martial artists he had as subordinates, the more solidified his position as the Clan Master's successor would become.


Jang Neung-ak approached right in front of Mok Gyeong-un and continued,


"This Young Master does not demand loyalty without compensation. If you swear loyalty, I will promise you wealth and honor befitting it."


"Wealth and honor…"


"Yes. Furthermore, if this Young Master becomes the pinnacle of this association, you will get to enjoy even more together."


At Jang Neung-ak's words, Cheong-ryeong said to Mok Gyeong-un,


-It doesn't seem like you have a choice.


The most ideal situation was to build strength under the Shadow Clan Master and observe the situation.


However, now that his skills had been exposed, that had become difficult.


If he refused here, the likelihood of being kept in check or getting involved in troublesome matters would increase, so the second-best option was to build strength under Jang Neung-ak.


However…


-Tap!


Mok Gyeong-un clasped his hands in greeting to Jang Neung-ak and said,


"I apologize. Although it's a very tempting offer, it seems difficult for me to follow the Young Master right away."


-Huh?


Cheong-ryeong was puzzled by Mok Gyeong-un's words.


Since his hidden strength had been exposed, it would have been a safe choice to enter under Jang Neung-ak's command to avoid troublesome matters.


But if he refused here…


"You can't follow this Young Master?"


As expected, Jang Neung-ak's expression changed in an instant.


One of his eyebrows twitched and rose, seeming displeased.


It was as expected.


'Just what are you thinking, mortal?'


Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue inwardly.


The Society Leader's second disciple was one thing, but each and every one of his subordinates was not an ordinary master.


Therefore, it was best not to provoke them.


'He never moves in a safe manner as advised.'


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak poked Mok Gyeong-un's chest with his folding fan and said,


-Press!


"Do you know what that means right now?"


"Well? I'm not sure what it means."


"What?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jang Neung-ak's eyes turned completely cold.


How dare a mere hostage from the righteous faction not only refuse the Young Master's offer in this way but also talk back?


-Press!


Jang Neung-ak poked Mok Gyeong-un's chest even harder with the folding fan and said,


"Have you forgotten who is standing in front of you?"


"How could that be possible? You are Young Master Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader."


"Yet you seem to be ignoring this Young Master's offer."


"No way. I merely conveyed that it would be difficult for me to accept the Young Master's offer right away."


"Do you think you have the option to refuse?"


"If you want to have the Shadow Clan under your command, I don't think you'll force it unreasonably."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jang Neung-ak's eyes sharpened.


Seeing his appearance, the red-clothed woman with thick lips pressured Mok Gyeong-un.


"Hey, do you really have a death wish? A mere hostage from the righteous faction, to the Young Master right now…"


-Swish!


Jang Neung-ak raised his hand, stopping her pressure.


Then, he chuckled and said,


"You're certainly different, perhaps because you're a hostage from the righteous faction."


"Pardon?"


"If you were from this place, you wouldn't respond to this Young Master's offer like you did. Rather, you would be afraid of going against this Young Master's temper."


"…"


"But you are extremely audacious against this Young Master."


Jang Neung-ak found this Mok Gyeong-un interesting.


He thought that if he applied some pressure, he would crawl in on his own.


Considering his position as a hostage from the righteous faction and how big of an opportunity it was to establish such a connection within the Heaven and Earth Society, if he had the slightest awareness, he would have no choice but to follow.


But he responded like this.


"Yes, that's right. This Young Master wants to have the Shadow Clan under his command. For that, I want you to become this Young Master's person and serve as an important catalyst."


Jang Neung-ak revealed his true intentions.


Then…


"I would like that too, but as you know, I just became the Shadow Clan Master's disciple."


"What does that have to do with anything?"


"I wasn't chosen, but I became the Shadow Clan Master's disciple as a benefit of being the top scorer at Corpse Blood Valley, so will he trust me that much?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jang Neung-ak's eyes narrowed.


He also had a cunning side, so he immediately understood what Mok Gyeong-un meant by saying this.


"… Keep talking."


"Before even properly learning martial arts or building trust, if the Shadow Clan Master finds out that I, a hostage from the righteous faction, entered under the Young Master's command, how will he view me?"


"…"


"If I were the Shadow Clan Master, I would rather suspect and distance myself from a hostage from the righteous faction who had just entered the Society and was trying to approach wealth and power too quickly."


With these words, Mok Gyeong-un lowered his voice and whispered so that only Jang Neung-ak could hear,


"It doesn't matter if you take me as a subordinate right away, but if that happens, you won't be able to obtain everything you desire. Is it really beneficial to take me as a subordinate now?"


'!?'


Jang Neung-ak's lips slightly twitched.


'Look at this guy.'


He received a rather refreshing shock from Mok Gyeong-un's words.


His interest in Mok Gyeong-un being a hostage from the righteous faction was only a small part, and his goal was to take Mok Gyeong-un as a subordinate and use this opportunity to bring the Shadow Clan under his command as well.


He had rushed because his forces were still inferior to the Senior Disciple.


But this guy was beyond imagination.


'Cunning.'


He was reading even the parts that Jang Neung-ak had not considered.


As this guy said, if he accepted him as his subordinate right away, the Shadow Clan Master's mind would be filled with suspicion.


If that happened, it would become difficult to fully bring the Shadow Clan under his command.


'Hmm.'


Jang Neung-ak looked straight at Mok Gyeong-un.


He had thought he was an impudent fellow for rejecting his offer, but after this conversation, his thoughts had completely solidified.


He wanted to make this guy completely his.


-Tap!


Jang Neung-ak removed the folding fan that had been poking Mok Gyeong-un's chest.


And he also spoke in a whispering voice,


"You have a point. Fine. It's regrettable, but for now, I'll just back off. I hope you build a close trust with the Shadow Clan Master."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un gave a light smile.


Jang Neung-ak also chuckled as if their thoughts had aligned, then clasped his hands behind his back and turned around.


"Young Master?"


"Let's go back and have a generous drink."


At these words, most of his subordinates couldn't hide their puzzlement.


He's just leaving without any results?


It was quite different from usual.


However, they had to follow their lord's order, so they withdrew without a word.


Of course, the Fifth Mountain Jeo Mo-pal, who had suffered an injury to his wrist, was the same.


"…"


On the other hand, the blind Wi Maeng-cheon, who had overheard the conversation they whispered with his extraordinary hearing, stopped for a moment and found the situation unsatisfactory.


'Excessively cunning.'


Without causing a commotion with his three-inch tongue, he made his lord withdraw in a pleasant manner.


He even made it so that no conclusion was reached.


His cunning aspect made Wi Maeng-cheon more wary than his outstanding martial arts.


However, since his lord seemed to be very pleased with him at the moment, he would withdraw for now but keep a close eye on him.

 2

As they all left, Mok Gyeong-un sent a voice transmission to Cheong-ryeong with a smile.


-I'll have to kill that blind man first.