Chapter 135: Erosion (3)

The blind man Wi Maeng-cheon's face stiffened.


What was placed on his hand was none other than…


'Ji-hang?'


It was Ji-hang, whom he had sent to frame Mok Gyeong-un as a spy of the righteous faction.


To be precise, it was Ji-hang's severed head.


For a moment, Wi Maeng-cheon's mind became complicated.


Just what was going on?


'Why does this brat have Ji-hang's head?'


He couldn't understand.


Of course, Ji-hang's death was planned as the final part of this move.


That was the only way to endanger Mok Gyeong-un without revealing the tail.


But he should be in a situation where he was being interrogated right now, so why had he already died, and why was Mok Gyeong-un handing his neck to him?


To the perplexed Wi Maeng-cheon, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smirk,


"You must be greatly disappointed that the result is different from what you intended."


"You bastard…"


"You seem to have used your head a lot, but it's a pity. It would have worked smoothly with others."


"What?"


***


Just an hour ago.


In the office of the Shadow Clan's Internal Affairs Director.


A Shadow Clan warrior urgently entered and reported to Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun, who was standing with his hands behind his back.


"An intruder has infiltrated Young Master Mok Gyeong-un's separate residence."


"Young Master Mok's separate residence?"


Cho Yeom-hun's eyes narrowed.


He had already received a report the moment the intruder had entered.


However, the Shadow Clan had a practice of not immediately capturing intruders when they entered.


They would monitor the intruder's route to find out their target and even reverse-track them.


This time, too, the Internal Administration was watching the intruder's route for reverse-tracking.


However…


"Hmm… What is the intruder's intention?"


This was their concern.


The Shadow Clan was already monitoring Mok Gyeong-un's every movement and action because he was a hostage from the righteous faction.


But the intruder had gone to Mok Gyeong-un's separate residence.


To the worried Cho Yeom-hun, the Shadow Clan warrior carefully opened his mouth.


"It seems their goal is to make contact with Young Master Mok Gyeong-un rather than targeting him."


"… I see."


The worrisome situation had occurred.


In fact, those in the inner city knew that the Shadow Clan handled secrets, so they wouldn't carelessly set foot in it, and they were also well aware of its extremely strict level of security.


Therefore, it was somewhat absurd for someone from the Heaven and Earth Society to infiltrate this place.


In that case…


'Is it a spy after all?'


The probability couldn't be completely ignored.


If the intruder was a spy from the righteous faction, the situation they had been worrying about had practically occurred.


Although the Clan Master had not yet allowed Mok Gyeong-un access to any particular information other than martial arts due to not trusting him, it was unacceptable for anything to be leaked outside even a little.


"What should we do?"


"Capture him."


"What about reverse-tracking?"


"If Young Master Mok is related to the intruder, we can't just let it slide rather than reverse-tracking."


"Understood."


-Tap tap tap!


As the Shadow Clan warrior who received the order left, Cho Yeom-hun also picked up his unique weapon, the Zhenping Saber, and summoned the Internal Administration's escort unit.


Once the entire escort unit had gathered, Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun led them with a solemn expression.


The path to the separate residence wasn't very far.


On the way there, Cho Yeom-hun recalled seven days ago.


[Even if he scored the highest at the Corpse Blood Valley gates, you shouldn't have accepted him.]


[You should know what it means to have scored the highest.]


[… I know. I know, but Clan Master. That fellow could become poison to the Shadow Clan. No matter how outstanding his talent is, he will face heavy opposition due to his background.]


[Of course, that would be the case. However, if we can gain certainty about that child, our Clan will have an immense talent we have never encountered before.]


Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun could not understand the Shadow Clan Master's decision at all.


If he still hadn't dispelled his doubts, why couldn't he let go of his attachment to the righteous faction's hostage?


Because of that, the Shadow Clan's position could be narrowed in the future.


'If…'


If the intruder was truly a spy from the righteous faction and Mok Gyeong-un had a close relationship with him or had made contact with him in some way to do something, this opportunity could not be missed.


If there was the slightest suspicion, for the sake of the Shadow Clan, he had to be expelled.


-Whoosh!


With that, Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun arrived at Mok Gyeong-un's separate residence.


The place, illuminated by torches, was surrounded by dozens of Shadow Clan security warriors.


Upon arriving, Cho Yeom-hun asked a Great Clan Leader-level warrior,


"What's the situation?"


"Since we sent them in, they should be coming out soon."


"Is that so?"


Soon, as the Great Clan Leader-level warrior said, the warriors sent inside came out supporting an unfamiliar person, and Mok Gyeong-un followed behind them.


However, seeing the intruder being supported out, Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun's eyes sparkled.


That's because the fellow's hands were a mess.


Anyone could see the traces of torture.


'Hmm.'


Normally, seeing this, one might think, 'Does this mean the intruder has no relation to Mok Gyeong-un?' But Cho Yeom-hun, the Internal Affairs Director of the Shadow Clan, wasn't like that.


Numerous variables and situations were being considered in his mind.


The closest one was…


'It could be to avoid suspicion.'


Most of those who entered as spies were highly trained individuals.


They had countermeasures prepared for various situations.


Assuming he was a spy who had entered from the Righteous Alliance, he would always prepare a tactic to allow at least one person to escape in case he was discovered by the enemy along with his comrades.


Well, this was just an assumption.


The fortunate thing was that the intruder was alive.


'Since we captured him alive, we can make him confess somehow.'


This place was the Shadow Clan.


It was also a place specialized in such matters.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un saw him and greeted him with a salute.


"The Internal Affairs Director has come as well."


"Young Master."


Cho Yeom-hun also greeted him with a salute out of courtesy.


However, his face was already filled with the desire to interrogate him right away.


But without losing politeness, Cho Yeom-hun said,


"Young Master. An intruder entered from the outside, so were you not very inconvenienced by the enemy's threat?"


In response to his words, Mok Gyeong-un replied with a smile,


"How could that be?"


"It's fortunate to see that the Young Master is safe."


"Thank you for your concern. I thought you were unaware since there was no intervention even though an intruder had entered, but that wasn't the case."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, the skin under Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun's eyes slightly twitched.


Although he phrased it indirectly, it was a jab at why they had only discovered the intruder now when he had boldly entered like this.


At this, Cho Yeom-hun shook his head and said,


"How could we have only discovered the intruder now? We just left him alone for a moment to find out what he was after."


"Ah, I see. I almost had a misunderstanding."


"Hahaha. Is that so? By the way, Young Master."


"Yes."


"I also have something I'd like to ask."


"What is it?"


"I thought the intruder might be after confidential documents, but unexpectedly, he headed straight for the Young Master's separate residence."


"Yes. As you can see, that's right."


"So, I'm curious as to why this intruder went directly to the Young Master's separate residence."


"Can't we find out by waking him up and interrogating him? I was also interrogating him, but he wouldn't open his mouth easily."


'Ha!'


Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun inwardly agreed with Mok Gyeong-un's attitude, as if it were nothing.


If a normal intruder had entered and was captured, if there was no relation, he should have called for them to interrogate, not do it himself.


But Mok Gyeong-un says with his own mouth that he interrogated him.


Does he not know that it can raise more suspicion?


"You interrogated him yourself?"


"Yes."


"Oh my."


"Is there a problem?"


"This is quite troublesome. It would have been better if you had told us immediately after capturing the intruder."


"I was going to tell you once the interrogation was over."


"But you didn't do that and conducted the interrogation independently."


"Is that wrong?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cho Yeom-hun snorted and said,


"Yes, it's wrong. The fact that an intruder entered the separate residence and you didn't report it but conducted an independent interrogation means, regardless of the method, that you had solo contact with the enemy."


"Solo contact?"


"Yes."


"If you look at his hands, you'll see traces of interrogation. Is there anything particularly suspicious?"


"Unfortunately, traces of interrogation can rather serve as a means to dispel suspicion about contact. Ah, of course, I'm not asserting that the Young Master had such intentions. I'm just saying it could be possible."


You don't think that's the case.


The implication was that he suspected him and was reprimanding him for doing something that would make him suspicious.


At Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun's words, which kindly told him that he had done something suspicious, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled.


'He's laughing?'


He had clearly told him with his own mouth.


He was saying that he had done something that would make him suspicious.


But what was this reaction?


Although he felt quite unpleasant, Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun did not reveal it.


In any case, since he had justification, he was determined to take him and reveal everything through interrogation with the intruder.


Cho Yeom-hun politely saluted Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"First, I apologize to the Young Master in advance. To prepare for any situation, you'll have to come with me to the Internal Administration for a moment."


"To the Internal Administration?"


"Yes. As I mentioned earlier, the reason is your contact with the intruder. Until the intruder's interrogation is over and the Young Master is out of suspicion, it can't be helped."


Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun was now blatantly telling him that he was under suspicion.


However, even at his words, Mok Gyeong-un still maintained a relaxed expression.


Cho Yeom-hun clicked his tongue.


'Let's see how long that composure lasts.'


"What are you doing? Escort the Young Master to the Internal Administration right…"


Before he could even finish his words.


Right then, the intruder who had been supported suddenly opened his eyes.


Then he tried to shake off the arms of the warriors holding him.


-Bam!


"Hold him tight!"


"This bastard, where are you…!"


But the intruder's strength was not ordinary.


In an instant, he threw the warrior holding his right arm to the ground.


-Thud!


"Ugh!"


Then he tried to grab the neck of the warrior holding his left arm, but…


-Bam!


At that moment, someone appeared and pressed the intruder's shoulder while striking his back acupoints like lightning.


Pressed by a strong internal energy, the intruder was soon forced to kneel.


-Thud!


"Ugh!"


"Clan Master!"


The one who suddenly appeared and subdued the intruder was none other than the Shadow Clan Master.


He had just arrived after receiving the report.


The Shadow Clan Master clicked his tongue and said,


"It's been a while since a night visitor has come to our clan."


"Clan Master, you're here."


Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun approached him, saluted, and greeted him.


And then, to take over the intruder subdued by the Shadow Clan Master, he stretched out his hand and said,


"I will handle it."


But then, the intruder suddenly blurted out,


"I-I apologize, Internal Affairs Director. I confessed everything to that righteous faction hostage bastard."


'!?'


Instantly, Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun's expression stiffened.


What the hell is this guy saying now?


Why is he suddenly saying he confessed something to him?


While he was dumbfounded, suddenly, murmurs could be heard from around him.


Some of the surrounding warriors were looking alternately at the subdued intruder and Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun, creating a stir.


'Ha!'


Are these guys suspecting him now?


Do they really believe what this intruder suddenly said?


It was utterly absurd.


While he was doing that, the intruder now started pleading.


"Internal Affairs Director! Please spare the lives of my family members. I am fine with dying, so please, I beg you."


At this, the flustered Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun pressed him.


"You bastard! When did you ever see me to make such a false report? Do you really have a death wish?"


Then, Cho Yeom-hun hurriedly bowed to the Shadow Clan Master with clasped hands and said,


"Clan Master! This is a false accusation. How could I possibly know someone like this? Interrogate the bastard right…"


"Internal Affairs Director, to abandon me like this…"


"This bastard!"


The enraged Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun tried to kick the intruder's face.


At that moment, someone appeared and blocked his way.


It was none other than…


'Escort Byeok?'


It was Byeok, the Shadow Clan Master's escort.


As Byeok blocked him, Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun couldn't contain his frustration and shouted,


"What is the meaning of this? Right now…"


"Why are you trying to shut the intruder's mouth? If you truly didn't collude, calm down."


"Collude? Ha! Did you just accuse me of collusion?"


Internal Affairs Director Cho Yeom-hun couldn't contain his anger at the absurdity.


That intruder was falsely accusing him, and forget about helping, the one called the Clan Master's escort was doing this?


While that was happening, murmurs from here and there pierced his eardrums.


"Was it ordered by the Internal Affairs Director?"


"It really seems like it."


"Did he try to hold the family members hostage and falsely accuse Young Master Mok?"


Hearing the warriors' voices, even though he didn't want to, the Internal Affairs Director felt like he was going crazy.


Anyone could see that the situation was too out of the blue, but they believed it?


This was a clear false accusation.


He was so angry that his hands were trembling, but then the intruder shouted again, inciting those around him.


"Clan Master, I only did as the Internal Affairs Director ordered…"


"This bastard!"


The Internal Affairs Director finally drew his saber.


He felt like he had to kill that bastard who was falsely accusing him to feel at ease.


But then, Byeok blocked his way again and said,


"Clan Master, should I subdue the Internal Affairs Director?"


"Escort Byeok! Are you really…"


Right at that moment.


-Swish!


Along with the sound of something being cut, something fell to the ground with a thud.


It was none other than…


'!?'


The intruder's head.


In an instant, the surroundings were filled with silence.


Everyone had a surprised expression, but the one who had cut off the intruder's head was none other than the Shadow Clan Master.


The Shadow Clan Master spoke with an expressionless face, unlike his usual self,


"The intruder who tried to create internal strife within our clan is dead. From now on, I forbid anyone in our clan from mentioning this. Understood?"


"Yes!!!"


As soon as his words ended, everyone shouted simultaneously.


Overwhelmed by the pressure and momentum emanating from the Clan Master, they had no choice but to follow his order.


'...'


The Shadow Clan Master's gaze, which had instantly straightened out the chaotic atmosphere, turned serious.


Although he had forcibly suppressed the situation with his authority for now, he felt a strong sense of discomfort from what was happening.


The intruder's sudden and seemingly intentional false accusation.


Some warriors inciting those around them.


Even Byeok, his escort who wouldn't move without his order, suddenly stepped forward to protect the intruder and pressured the Internal Affairs Director.


All of this was permeated with a sense of discomfort.


-Swish!


The Shadow Clan Master slowly turned his head with narrowed eyes.


In his line of sight, with the flickering shadows of the torches, Mok Gyeong-un could be seen with the corners of his mouth reaching his ears.


'!?'


The moment their eyes met, the Shadow Clan Master unconsciously swallowed his dry saliva.


The source of this inexplicable sense of discomfort.


It was originating from Mok Gyeong-un.