Chapter 136: Erosion (4)

Back to the present.


To the Second Mountain of the Five Mountains Alliance, the blind man Wi Maeng-cheon, who was perplexed by the dead Ji-hang, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smirk,


"You must be greatly disappointed that the result is different from what you intended."


"You bastard…"


"You seem to have used your head a lot, but it's a pity. It would have worked smoothly with others."


-Grind!


The blind man Wi Maeng-cheon gnashed his teeth.


Although he didn't know what had happened, one thing was certain: his scheme had not worked.


It was a tactic he had calculated through dozens of simulations.


He had prepared to deal with most variables, so how did he escape it?


However, the important thing was that it wasn't a situation to question the cause of the failed scheme.


-Grip!


Strength entered Wi Maeng-cheon's hand holding the sword hilt.


Now that the original plan had gone awry, the only answer was to kill the fellow himself.


Otherwise, the matter would go beyond his control.


Wi Maeng-cheon quietly opened his mouth.


"I don't know how you escaped suspicion, but coming here was a huge mistake."


"A huge mistake?"


-Swish!


As soon as Mok Gyeong-un's questioning ended, Wi Maeng-cheon's sword cut through the air.


In that fleeting moment, Mok Gyeong-un had gained about half a step of distance.


Thanks to that, the sword narrowly missed slicing Mok Gyeong-un's neck and brushed past.


"You're fast."


"…"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Wi Maeng-cheon said nothing.


Unlike last time when he had tried to test his martial prowess, this time he had slashed with the intent to kill, but he didn't expect him to dodge it.


'… He definitely surpassed the Peak Realm.'


He probably estimated him to be at the early-stage of Transcendent Realm.


Considering the few exchanges they had and the strength infused in the sword, it seemed certain.


This alone was surprising.


Just seventeen.


For a guy not even in his prime to reach this level, his talent had to be acknowledged.


However…


'You will die here.'


-Whoosh!


Wi Maeng-cheon's sword rushed towards Mok Gyeong-un, drawing a complex trajectory.


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes shook at a rapid speed as the sword became even faster.


This was the first time he had properly faced a master since gaining enlightenment at the Corpse Blood Valley report.


Indeed, Wi Maeng-cheon's swordsmanship was beyond imagination.


-Swish swish swish swish swish!


It was not at a level he could dodge.


Thus, Mok Gyeong-un also utilized defensive sword techniques to counter Wi Maeng-cheon's fierce attack.


-Clang clang clang clang clang!


The swords of the two clashed more than a dozen times in an instant, and blue sparks flew in the darkness.


Each time the swords collided, Mok Gyeong-un's body was pushed back little by little.


This clearly meant he was inferior in internal energy.


'Even though he reached the transcendent realm with innate martial talent, he can't avoid two weaknesses after all.'


The first was internal energy.


When talking about the level of internal energy, the reason for mentioning the number of years was that the accumulated amount increased as time passed.


No matter how much Mok Gyeong-un had reached a high level with outstanding talent, he couldn't match someone who had accumulated internal energy for decades like himself.


And the second…


-Clang clang clang!


Just as they were clashing almost evenly, Wi Maeng-cheon's sword suddenly deviated from its trajectory and twisted in a completely unexpected direction, piercing Mok Gyeong-un's thigh.


As a result, Mok Gyeong-un also had to change his sword trajectory to block it.


-Clang!


At that moment…


-Thud!


Wi Maeng-cheon's heavy kick struck Mok Gyeong-un's abdomen.


Along with that, Mok Gyeong-un's body was pushed back about four steps again.


Detecting this with his hearing, Wi Maeng-cheon's mouth corners twitched.


'Experience… He lacks experience.'


While Mok Gyeong-un's stances were flawless to the point of being impeccable, he was unable to respond to the variations, perhaps due to a lack of actual combat experience or battles with masters.


His stances were very straightforward.


Although he was responding with appropriate stances, that alone was insufficient.


In the world of life-and-death battles, experience could not be ignored.


-Whoosh!


Wi Maeng-cheon caught up to Mok Gyeong-un, who had been pushed back, and pressured him while drawing up even more internal energy.


Since he had found the opponent's weakness, he was determined to decisively push forward and settle the outcome.


'Fourth Stance of the Flashing Star Sword, Overwhelming Flash.'


-Swish swish swish swish swish swish swish!


Wi Maeng-cheon's sword created numerous sword shadows and pressured Mok Gyeong-un with a dazzling trajectory.


It was an incredible swordsmanship that was hard to believe came from a blind man.


Even Mok Gyeong-un inwardly exclaimed in admiration.


Mok Gyeong-un had gained a keen eye for swordsmanship after viewing numerous secret manuals at the Corpse Blood Valley report.


Wi Maeng-cheon's swordsmanship was so perfected that it was difficult to find any flaws.


So he felt the urge to properly clash with him.


-Clang clang clang clang clang!


Mok Gyeong-un's Evil Commandment Sword and Wi Maeng-cheon's Bamboo Sword collided, and the surroundings reverberated with the sound of metal.


Their swords were moving so fast that they were invisible to the eyes of ordinary people.


-Swish!


A sword grazed Mok Gyeong-un's cheek, leaving a wound.


Wi Maeng-cheon's swordsmanship once again created an unexpected variation.


'Interesting.'


It was more exciting than sparring with the Corpse Blood Valley disciples.


Their attacks were more straightforward and simple, but Wi Maeng-cheon's sword brought changes from unexpected places, pressuring him.


-Swish!


Once again, the sword brushed past Mok Gyeong-un's ribs.


They were all narrowly grazing the vital points.


If he wasn't careful, the outcome of the duel could be decided in a single moment as Wi Maeng-cheon's sword was increasingly tightening its grip on his throat.


'Luck is not on my side.'


Wi Maeng-cheon's face, who was pressuring Mok Gyeong-un, became more and more spirited.


The winner of this duel was predetermined.


If this were 5 or 10 years later, it might be different, but the current Mok Gyeong-un was absolutely no match for him.


He had a much greater advantage in both experience and internal energy.


'You are foolish, Mok Gyeong-un.'


You shouldn't have come to find me alone.


He acknowledged his martial prowess that didn't match his age, but he had chosen the wrong target for revenge.


If he had a cunning mind to escape from his scheme, he should have used the dead Ji-hang as a pretext to pressure him through his master, the Shadow Clan Master.


Blame that foolishness.


-Swish!


-Clang!


Wi Maeng-cheon's sword deflected Mok Gyeong-un's sword upward.


At the same time, a decisive opening finally appeared in Mok Gyeong-un's defense.


The corners of Wi Maeng-cheon's mouth rose bitterly.


'Overconfidence in oneself. That is the cause of your defeat.'


Convinced that he had firmly grasped the upper hand, Wi Maeng-cheon thrust his sword towards Mok Gyeong-un's neck, the decisive opening.


With Mok Gyeong-un's current stance, it was impossible to dodge or block.


'It's over.'


Wi Maeng-cheon's sword was about to pierce Mok Gyeong-un's neck.


However…


-Swish!


At the moment the tip of Wi Maeng-cheon's sword touched Mok Gyeong-un's neck, it slid and slightly brushed the surface before passing by.


'What is this?'


Just what was going on?


It was a perfect finishing strike.


But why didn't it penetrate Mok Gyeong-un's neck and suddenly slide as if blocked by something?


He couldn't understand what this phenomenon was at all.


-Bam!


As the distance narrowed, Mok Gyeong-un's knee tried to kick up Wi Maeng-cheon's chin.


In response, Wi Maeng-cheon utilized footwork with his left hand to push Mok Gyeong-un's knee and gain distance using the rebound.


-Bang! Tap tap tap tap!


As they distanced about six steps, Wi Maeng-cheon frowned as if he couldn't understand.


No matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't comprehend.


What Mok Gyeong-un had just shown was an extremely advanced principle that couldn't be performed at his level.


-Ha!


An exclamation flowed from the mouth of Cheong-ryeong, who was sitting on the roof smoking a pipe and watching.


The reason she was so surprised was simple.


-He comprehended the "Ritual of Repulsion" technique.


The move Mok Gyeong-un had just shown was none other than the"Ritual of Repulsion" technique, one of the Eight Thought-Shattering Techniques.


If the "Ritual of Binding" technique could pull anything, the "Ritual of Repulsion" technique could push away anything that touched the body.


Even Cheong-ryeong, who had been with him all along, didn't know this.


It was because Mok Gyeong-un hadn't mentioned it even after gaining enlightenment.


Of course, there was a reason for this.


'It's difficult.'


The way the"Ritual of Repulsion" technique manifested was different from the "Ritual of Binding" technique.


It could only push away something that precisely touched the body, and matching that fleeting moment when the sword was about to clash was quite difficult.


And it was greatly influenced by the practitioner's capability and true energy, so the stronger the force, the harder it was to repel.


That's why Wi Maeng-cheon's sword had slid rather than being deflected.


'Still a long way to go.'


He hadn't mentioned it to Cheong-ryeong because he considered it an incomplete technique.


Of course, it was still useful as it was.


It had allowed him to deflect a fatal strike.


At that moment, Wi Maeng-cheon opened his mouth.


"… You seem to have some tricks up your sleeve. But will the same technique work again?"


-Whoosh!


As soon as those words ended, Wi Maeng-cheon launched his body towards Mok Gyeong-un.


As expected of a master who had reached the transcendent realm, he had realized how to deal with the previous principle in a short time.


-Woong!


Wi Maeng-cheon's sword was completely covered in a blue glow.


It was sword energy.


He had judged that even the sliding principle wouldn't be able to handle it if the sword energy was more focused.


'I'll settle this.'


The reason he hadn't unleashed his energy until now was to protect his sword with aura.


Since Mok Gyeong-un's Evil Commandment Sword was even sturdier and sharper than the Bamboo Sword, the sword had been somewhat strained with each clash, so he had chosen this approach.


However, if he turned all that energy into offensive sword energy instead of a defensive form…


-Clang!


-Bam bam bam!


With just a single clash, Mok Gyeong-un's body was pushed back nearly three steps.


The power had increased tremendously.


However…


-Crack!


Cracks appeared on the sword.


It was affected by the switch between offense and defense, but it seemed like it could endure a few stances at least.


He could sufficiently settle the match within that timeframe.


-Whoosh!


Wi Maeng-cheon tried to unleash a dominating sword stance against Mok Gyeong-un once more.


Right at that moment…


"It seems your reserves have run out."


"What?"


"Seeing the repetition of stances."


'!?'


-Clang clang clang clang!


The moment the swords clashed, Wi Maeng-cheon's expression distorted.


He had unleashed a sword stance with sword energy, but Mok Gyeong-un didn't budge at all.


Rather, they were evenly matched.


But what was even more surprising?


"You bastard… Just what…?"


The sword stance he had just unleashed was exactly the same as his own Flashing Star Sword's Seventh Stance, Breaking the Void.


Right now, Mok Gyeong-un was performing the exact same sword stance as him.


Wi Maeng-cheon couldn't believe this situation.


Thus…


-Swish swish swish swish swish!


He unleashed another sword stance towards Mok Gyeong-un, but…


-Swish swish swish swish swish!


As if he were a mirror, Mok Gyeong-un performed the same sword stance.


For a moment, Wi Maeng-cheon was dumbfounded.


Just what was happening?


His unique martial art, the Flashing Star Sword, was a secretive sword art passed down to a single inheritor and was never revealed to the outside.


Yet this fellow was imitating it.


He shouldn't know the breathing technique of the stances and had only seen it for the first time while dueling.


'Impossible.'


But how could such a thing happen?


Was it possible to learn the opponent's sword art in the midst of a life-and-death duel where they were trying to kill each other?


Was this even possible?


No matter how outstanding his talent was, wasn't there a limit?


This was too unfair.


-Grind!


After being surprised by this unprecedented situation, Wi Maeng-cheon became enraged to the point of welling up.


He detested Mok Gyeong-un for so easily imitating his unique sword art, which he had painstakingly mastered even after losing his sight.


'How dare you try to steal my sword art?'


It was unforgivable.


Yes, then can you imitate this too?


Even if you somehow imitated the external appearance of the sword art, the essence of swordsmanship wasn't acquired that way.


He had completely grasped the essence of the Flashing Star Sword by practicing it for decades, allowing him to bring various changes to his swordsmanship.


Can a fellow like you imitate even these variations…?


-Swish swish swish!


'What?'


Wi Maeng-cheon hurriedly tilted his head to the side and launched his body backward to dodge Mok Gyeong-un's sword.


A cold sweat dripped down his forehead as he gained distance.


The three sword stances just now…


They were variations.


Even if it were him, if he were to bring variations, he would have done it the way Mok Gyeong-un did.


'… Ha.'


What kind of fellow is this?


He was imitating the variations in swordsmanship at a level nearly identical to his own.


His innate martial talent alone was insufficient to describe this.


He was truly a monster.


-Gulp!


Wi Maeng-cheon swallowed his dry saliva, perhaps out of tension.


If he didn't kill the fellow here, he would become a major hindrance to the path of the second disciple, Jang Neung-ak.


He had to kill him even at the cost of his life.


He had to deal with him right away before he grew further and reached a level they couldn't even touch.


Fortunately, he still had the upper hand in internal energy, so if it was now, somehow…


-Flinch!


At that moment, a chill ran down Wi Maeng-cheon's spine.


An ominous feeling enveloped his five senses, and it was a kind of brutality.


Sensing it, Wi Maeng-cheon hurriedly raised his sword while igniting sword energy without a moment to think.


However…


-Clang!


The Bamboo Sword wrapped in sword energy broke.


And…


-Swish!


'!!!!!!'


Something chilling and cold brushed past his neck in an instant.


Wi Maeng-cheon instinctively hurried to grasp his neck.


'This… What…'


The internal energy in that last strike had surged by nearly three times.


He was dumbfounded by the sudden increase in internal energy.


Could it be that he hadn't been using his full strength until now?


As he was perplexed, Mok Gyeong-un whispered softly in his ear,


"Why did someone who can't even see boast so much? If you had just kept your mouth shut, you could have at least preserved your neck longer."


'You… You bastard…'


"Then sleep well."


With those words, Mok Gyeong-un brought his finger to Wi Maeng-cheon's forehead.


Feeling that, Wi Maeng-cheon inwardly cried out as if screaming,


'S-Stop! Please! Please!'


However…


-Tap!


Wi Maeng-cheon's consciousness was severed in an instant.


It was because Mok Gyeong-un had pushed Wi Maeng-cheon's forehead, which he was barely holding, with his finger.


At the same time, Wi Maeng-cheon's severed head fell limply to the ground, and blood gushed like a fountain from the cross-clanion of his neck.


-Splatter!