Chapter 141: Annihilating Poison King (2)

Thanks to the Annihilating Poison King, Baek Sa-ha, observing a three-year mourning period, no one had succeeded in making contact with him.


The same was true for Wi So-yeon, the third disciple of the Society Leader.


Even if she had the qualifications to be the next Society Leader, her authority didn't reach that of the Five Kings, who could be considered high-ranking executives of the Heaven and Earth Society.


Thus, without a proper justification, she hadn't had the opportunity to contact the Annihilating Poison King.


However, she finally had a chance to meet him.


It was none other than the first birthday celebration of Baek Sa-ha's grandson, Baek Oh-chan.


'If I miss this opportunity, it will be difficult until the three-year mourning period ends.'


Among the high-ranking Five Kings, only Bright Blade King Son Yun supported her.


If she gained the support of the Annihilating Poison King, Baek Sa-ha, here, she would secure a supporting force that could rival Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple, to some extent.


However,


"Young Lady."


A man in his mid-thirties with a stylishly grown beard gestured with his chin.


As she turned her head,


'Ah…'


She saw a group walking from the southwestern path.


That group was none other than Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple, and his subordinates.


The Five Mountains Alliance.


Enduring Tyrant Fist, the Grand Clan Leader of the Hegemon Fist Group, and the first-ranked member.


Wi Maeng-cheon, the Blind Swordsman and the second-ranked member.


Ho Jong-hyeok, the Grand Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan and the third-ranked member.


Seo Hye-in, the leader of the Grass Smoke Group and the fourth-ranked member.


Jeo Mo-pal, the fifth-ranked member and practitioner of the Geo-am Fist.


They were all young masters of the later generation with high reputations within the Heaven and Earth Society.


Among them, the one considered the best was undoubtedly Enduring Tyrant Fist, the first-ranked member.


He was one of the Five Tigers, called the best masters of the later generation in the Heaven and Earth Society, and his father was Ko Yeon-byeok, one of the Three Society Guardians and the Guardian who oversaw all of the Heaven and Earth Society's defenses.


'He brought all his subordinates… No, only four of them?'


The second-ranked member, Wi Maeng-cheon, was not present.


Despite being blind, he was famous for his tremendous swordsmanship.


Anyway, judging by the fact that he had brought his subordinates, their purpose seemed to be the same.


'… The Annihilating Poison King.'


It was to bring Baek Sa-ha to their side.


However, she frowned with strong hostility.


'Why is he doing that?'


The reason was that Jang Neung-ak was glaring at her and Woo Ho-rang, who was standing to her right, with eyes filled with murderous intent.


She didn't know, but Jang Neung-ak had a reason for doing so.


'Could it be him?'


The man in his mid-thirties with a short beard who Jang Neung-ak was glaring at.


He was Woo Ho-rang, the chief disciple of Bright Blade King Son Yun, one of the Five Kings, and the Grand Clan Leader of the Residence Destruction Group.


He was Wi So-yeon's subordinate and one of the Five Tigers, the supreme masters of the later generation in the Heaven and Earth Society.


He had reached the supreme stage in his mid-twenties, and it was no exaggeration to say that his martial prowess had already reached the executive level.


Yang Il, the junior leader of the Transient Sword Group, and Gi Ok-ryeon, the eldest daughter of Gi Hae, the Valley Master of Sun Rock, who followed behind him, were also quite skilled as high-ranking masters of the later generation.


However, in Jang Neung-ak's eyes, only Woo Ho-rang stood out.


'If you are the one who killed Maeng-cheon, this young master will also cut off your head and soak that wench Wi So-yeon's bed with your blood.'


Sensing this strong murderous intent and hostility, Woo Ho-rang also became more vigilant.


As his hand unconsciously reached for his sword handle,


"Maintain your composure."


"Ah."


At Wi So-yeon's low warning, he lowered his hand again.


If he fell for the provocation and caused a commotion here, it would disrupt their plan.


He wasn't the only one thinking this.


"My lord, please calm down for now. We can't confirm the culprit yet, and if we create a disturbance here, it will be disrespectful to the Annihilating Poison King."


"… Understood."


At the advice of Ko Yeon-hu, the first-ranked member, Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader, nodded his head.


No matter how agitated he was, he wasn't lacking in judgment to that extent.


As they were approaching, someone caught Jang Neung-ak's attention.


"Oh, Mok Gyeong-un."


It was none other than Mok Gyeong-un.


Similarly, Wi So-yeon, who had been too focused on being wary of Jang Neung-ak, also noticed Mok Gyeong-un at the entrance of the Annihilating Poison King's estate.


'Mok Gyeong-un?'


Why was he here?


He hadn't even joined anyone's faction yet.


As she was puzzled, Jang Neung-ak waved his hand with a smile towards Mok Gyeong-un.


"Are you doing well?"


Seeing him act friendly as if they were close, Wi So-yeon frowned.


What?


She clearly remembered that things didn't go well between them, so why was her martial brother acting so favorably as if they were close friends?


Could it be that he had tried to win him over again in the meantime?


Feeling a slight unease, she quickly acknowledged Mok Gyeong-un.


"It's been a while. Have you been well?"


'It's been a while?'


At Wi So-yeon's greeting, it was Jang Neung-ak's turn to furrow his brows.


What was she saying now?


Could it be that this wench had made contact with the kid he had his eyes on?


How dare she covet what was his?


With such thoughts, Jang Neung-ak's anger was about to rise again.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un bowed his head with a polite gesture and greeted them.


"Mok Gyeong-un, a disciple of the Shadow Clan Master, greets Young Master Jang Neung-ak and Young Lady Wi So-yeon."


"Yes."


"Alright."


At his greeting, the second disciple Jang Neung-ak and the third disciple Wi So-yeon unintentionally found themselves looking at each other as they responded simultaneously.


Wi So-yeon clasped her hands together, slightly bowed her head, and greeted politely.


"Greetings to my martial brother."


"Hmph, you look quite lively."


Unlike Wi So-yeon, who had greeted respectfully as she had to uphold the etiquette towards her senior despite their mutual wariness, Jang Neung-ak openly acted coldly.


She was already used to this attitude of his, so she didn't particularly mind.


"The same goes for you, senior brother."


"What?"


Jang Neung-ak's voice rose slightly, as he was already suspicious of her due to the incident of Wi Maeng-cheon's death.


Concerned about this, Ko Yeon-hu once again quietly dissuaded him.


"My lord, this is not the place."


-Creak!


At those words, Jang Neung-ak gnashed his teeth and shook his head.


It was difficult for him to calm his anger easily since the incident had occurred just a few hours ago.


However, for the sake of their grand endeavor, he had to endure it for now.


Jang Neung-ak turned his head away from Wi So-yeon as if he couldn't stand the sight of her and said to Mok Gyeong-un,


"You have a lot to do to gain trust, so what brings you here?"


At that question, Wi So-yeon also looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


She was also curious about that.


Mok Gyeong-un pointed to the large wooden case that the guard warrior Seok Jung was carrying on his back and replied,


"As you can see, I came here on the Shadow Clan Master's orders to deliver a birthday gift and pay my respects to Elder Baek Sa-ha, the Annihilating Poison King."


"Oh, is that so? You had the same business as this young master."


"Ah, yes, it seems so."


"But you haven't made any other acquaintances in the meantime, right?"


Jang Neung-ak blatantly glared at Wi So-yeon once and asked Mok Gyeong-un.


It was as if he was asking if he had contacted other potential successors instead of him.


Mok Gyeong-un smiled and replied,


"How could that be possible?"


"…"


At those words, Wi So-yeon frowned her pretty brows.


Could it be that Mok Gyeong-un's heart had turned towards Jang Neung-ak instead of her?


If that was the case, it would be quite troublesome.


The Shadow Clan, which controlled information, was also very important.


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak looked at Wi So-yeon with a triumphant expression as if he had won and said,


"Yes, that's how it should be. I have high expectations for you."


-Grip!


Wi So-yeon clenched her hand tightly.


Normally, she wouldn't fall for such childish provocations or mind games.


However, it was hard for her to tolerate her opponent, who was also vying for the position of Society Leader, trying to snatch away what she was aiming for in this manner.


So she said,


"Mok Gyeong-un."


"Yes, young lady."


"You're keeping the token I gave you safe, right?"


She revealed what she originally had no intention of disclosing.


At those words, Jang Neung-ak's expression, which had been triumphant until just now, instantly turned fierce.


What was she talking about, a token?


'Token?'


He wasn't the only one reacting to those words.


Woo Ho-rang, known as Wi So-yeon's right-hand man and the grand disciple of Bright Blade King Son Yun, also frowned and looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


He had thought that he was the only one who had received a token from her.


But this kid, who looked like a male courtesan, had received a token from the Young Lady?


"Yes, I'm keeping it safe."


'This bastard…'


At Mok Gyeong-un's answer, Jang Neung-ak's mood soured.


Just now, he had responded as if he hadn't gotten close to other potential successors, but he had received a token from that damn wench?


This was not something he could overlook.


"You…"


As Jang Neung-ak was about to express his displeasure towards Mok Gyeong-un,


"My lord, shouldn't we first participate in the celebration and offer congratulations to Elder Baek Sa-ha, the Annihilating Poison King?"


"…"


At the words of Ho Jong-hyeok, the Grand Clan Leader of the Destruction Clan and the third-ranked member, Jang Neung-ak closed his mouth.


Yes, this wasn't the time to do this here.


First, he had to meet with the Annihilating Poison King and settle the matter, and it wouldn't be too late to do it afterward.


If he missed today, the opportunity would slip away for a while.


"… Let's talk in a bit."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un made a small bow.


Then, Jang Neung-ak abruptly turned his head and went ahead to the entrance of the estate.


Seeing his behavior, Mok Gyeong-un smiled nonchalantly.


Then, it was Wi So-yeon's turn to speak.


"Didn't you say you dislike conflicts?"


"Yes, that's right."


"But it seems like your stance has changed a bit from back then."


"How could that be? My thoughts remain unchanged."


"Really?"


"Yes."


Wi So-yeon stared at Mok Gyeong-un intently, then shook her head and said,


"Alright, I'll believe your words. But my second martial brother is different. I didn't just let you go back then to yield to him."


At her words, Woo Ho-rang, the grand disciple of Bright Blade King Son Yun, frowned.


Her words, openly coveting Mok Gyeong-un, were grating to him.


However, unlike his junior martial sister Yeop Wee-seon, he had some experience and composure, so he didn't reveal his emotions.


"I have other urgent matters to attend to now, so let's talk later."


With those words, she also hurriedly entered the entrance of the estate.


If she didn't hurry, her second martial brother Jang Neung-ak would take the lead.


As they went in first, the guard warrior Seok Jung, who had been extremely tense, staggered as his legs went weak.


-Tap!


Mok Gyeong-un grabbed his arm.


"Ah, be careful. It's a precious gift."


"M-My apologies."


Seok Jung clicked his tongue inwardly.


It hadn't been long since Mok Gyeong-un became a disciple of the Shadow Clan Master, but he didn't expect two potential successors of the Society Leader to covet him and engage in a battle of nerves with each other.


The person involved was unfazed, but he himself was trembling.


'Is he really not affected?'


Receiving attention from those two people was quite burdensome.


If either of them turned against him, troublesome things were bound to happen.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"Shall we go in too?"


"… Understood."


I don't know.


What could people like him, who were mere subordinates, do anyway?


It was more comfortable to just do as he was told.


As they were about to enter the entrance of the estate, at that very moment,


"Halt."


The warriors guarding the entrance crossed their sword sheaths and blocked the way.


The atmosphere was quite different from when they had let Jang Neung-ak's group and Wi So-yeon's group pass through.


"What business brings you here?"


"Ah, I am Mok Gyeong-un, a disciple of the Shadow Clan Master. As you can see, I have come on my Master's orders to deliver a gift to celebrate the joyous occasion of the Baek family."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, one of the warriors clasped his hands and said to Mok Gyeong-un,


"So you are a disciple of the Shadow Clan Master."


"Yes."


"I apologize, but you can leave the gift here…"


The warrior pointed to a piece of paper on a table inside the entrance and continued,


"Write the names of the Shadow Clan Master and his disciple in this visitor's log and leave."


"Pardon?"


Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head.


Did this mean he should just leave the gift here and go?


Mok Gyeong-un scratched his head as if it was troublesome and said,


"It's a bit difficult to just leave the gift and go."


"Although today is a joyous occasion for the Baek family, they are still in the middle of a three-year mourning period. The Annihilating Poison King has given orders to seek understanding from most guests, except for relatives and a few others."


It seemed that those few others included the Society Leader's disciples.


They were being blocked right from the entrance.


"Ah, is that so?"


"So please just turn back…"


"I'm sorry, but it's difficult for me to just turn back as well."


"Oh my… Are you taking the Annihilating Poison King's words lightly?"


The warrior raised his voice and spoke in a warning tone.


Mok Gyeong-un shrugged and said,


"How could that be? Then let me visit with a different status."


"What? A different status?"


-Tap!


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un took something out from his bosom and placed it on the table.


'!?'


Seeing this, the warrior's eyes widened.


It was the three first-place tokens he had received from the Corpse Blood Valley.


It was only natural to be surprised to see him possess three first-place tokens, which were difficult to obtain even one.


Mok Gyeong-un smiled at the speechless warrior and said,


"I intend to seek guidance from Elder Baek Sa-ha, the Annihilating Poison King. Can you refuse this as well?"