Chapter 142: Annihilating Poison King (3)

Inside the estate of Baek Sa-ha, one of the Five Kings and the Annihilating Poison King.


This place, also known as the Baek family's estate, was bustling with relatives gathered for the first birthday celebration.


Even though no outside guests were received, there were at least several dozen people just from the relatives.


In the garden, maids were preparing food in a temporary outdoor kitchen for the celebration, and relatives were sitting at tables, raising their glasses to celebrate the first birthday.


In the midst of the ongoing celebration, Baek Sa-ha's wife, Madam Jang, rose from her seat and headed somewhere upon receiving an urgent message.


As she walked, Madam Jang clicked her tongue and said,


"They've come after all."


"Yes. Since he's in the middle of a three-year mourning period, today was the only proper justification for them to visit."


The man who appeared to be in his early thirties with sharp eyes, answering her words, was Baek So-gang, the second son of the Annihilating Poison King Baek Sa-ha and the one in charge of external affairs.


The reason they were hastily changing locations was due to sudden guests.


"You said it was the second young master and the third young lady?"


"Yes. They each brought their subordinates."


"Sigh. It seems they've made up their minds."


"What can we do? They came because they want Father's support."


"That's probably the case."


The current Heaven and Earth Society was facing an increasingly fierce succession dispute.


Due to rumors that the Society Leader's illness had worsened, the potential successors' movements had become more agile.


Amidst this, the family head, the Annihilating Poison King Baek Sa-ha, had not supported any of the Society Leader's disciples.


Thus, they would try to get a definite answer from him today, no matter what.


"It's truly troublesome."


"You're right. But wasn't this a problem that would eventually come?"


"Even so, don't you know your father's temperament?"


"Well… Sigh."


Baek So-gang, the second son and the Outer Master, let out a sigh.


As his mother said, his father would never take back a word he had uttered.


So he was worried.


He was concerned that an unnecessary commotion might occur.


"Did you separate the rooms?"


At Madam Jang's question, the second son Baek So-gang nodded.


There was no other choice, as it was impossible to know what would happen if the two potential successors were placed in the same reception room.


Then she said,


"Combine them into one room when they arrive."


"Pardon? But if we do that…"


"If we keep them separate, it will be harder to refuse."


"Ah…"


"It's better to show them that we're not choosing anyone when they're together, so they'll quietly back down."


"Your words are wise, Mother."


The second son Baek So-gang also nodded in agreement, as if he understood.


It was at that very moment when they were about to pass through the pavilion housing the reception room.


"Please wait a moment!"


At that moment, someone hurriedly ran towards them.


He was none other than one of the warriors guarding the entrance of the estate.


"Madam."


Madam Jang asked with a puzzled expression,


"What's the matter?"


"Well, another guest has just arrived."


"A guest? Didn't I tell you to seek understanding and send them back if they're not relatives or pre-arranged visitors?"


"Yes, that's true, but…"


Why had they come here when instructions had been given in advance?


She shook her head and said,


"Then send them back."


"Please take a look at this."


With those words, the warrior guarding the estate entrance took something out of his bosom.


It was none other than,


"No way. Is that…?"


The first-place tokens from the Corpse Blood Valley entrance.


Not just one, but three first-place tokens.


Knowing what this meant, Madam Jang's brows furrowed.


***


The second disciple of the Society Leader, Jang Neung-ak, and the third disciple, Wi So-yeon, gathered in a single reception room.


And behind them, their respective subordinates were seated.


"Sigh."


Jang Neung-ak let out a sigh as if he was annoyed.


Since he had entered the estate first, he thought he would naturally be able to meet the Annihilating Poison King Baek Sa-ha faster than Wi So-yeon.


However, they made him wait in the reception room, and now they were calling them to the same room.


As a result, his mood had become quite unpleasant.


'… I don't know if I should say it's fortunate or not.'


Wi So-yeon was also uncomfortable.


Fortunately, she was able to avoid the situation where her second martial brother met with the Annihilating Poison King first, but if they faced each other like this, persuasion might become difficult.


It was because they might have to keep each other in check, and if they blatantly disparaged each other, it could turn into a full-blown confrontation.


-Creak!


At that moment, the door opened, and a middle-aged woman in her late fifties with graying hair appeared in the reception room, where the atmosphere had become even heavier.


Seeing the dignified woman, the second disciple Jang Neung-ak and the third disciple Wi So-yeon simultaneously stood up and greeted her with clasped hands and bowed heads.


"Greetings to the Baek family's Madam."


"It's been a while, Madam."


Since they were disciples of the Society Leader, they were already acquainted with her.


Wi So-yeon also took off her bamboo hat and white veil out of respect for Madam Jang, the wife of the Annihilating Poison King and the grand matriarch of the Baek family.


She took the lead first.


"Congratulations on your grandson's first birthday."


'This wench.'


Jang Neung-ak slightly frowned but soon forced a smile and said,


"It's truly a joyous occasion."


'Ah…'


At the congratulations from these two, Madam Jang clicked her tongue inwardly.


She couldn't understand how they engaged in such subtle mind games while offering congratulations.


It was too obvious that they were conscious of each other.


Of course, she understood since they were in a competitive relationship.


-Swish!


"Thank you. I'm deeply grateful that you, the two disciples of the Society Leader, have come to this humble place to celebrate my grandson's well-being."


"It's something we should congratulate, of course. But the Annihilating Poison King and the Young Family Head…?"


Jang Neung-ak carefully asked, glancing at Baek So-gang, the Outer Master and second son, standing next to her.


Of course, Madam Jang, as the grand matriarch, could also be considered an elder of this household, but how could the true protagonists of the first birthday celebration, the Young Family Head, not even show up when the potential successors who might become the future Society Leaders had come?


Baek So-gang answered this question.


"I apologize. Since it's in the middle of the first birthday celebration and my older brother has to attend to the relatives, he couldn't spare a moment to come."


"Ah, is that so?"


"Yes. Please understand."


"There's no need to seek understanding or anything. It's only natural to be busy when we've come during the celebration."


Wi So-yeon spoke softly with a smile.


Jang Neung-ak also didn't want to lose,


"You don't need to mind. I'm not someone who lacks that much courtesy. Hohoho."


It was a truly amusing sight.


Jang Neung-ak's arrogant attitude was quite well-known within the Heaven and Earth Society, but seeing him try to cater like this was enough to make one feel astonished.


'That's how much he needs Father's support.'


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak pointed to the gift box he had placed beside him and said,


"Since we've come all this way, I'd like to pay my respects to Elder Baek Sa-ha, even if it's just a formality."


Seeing Jang Neung-ak take the initiative, Wi So-yeon also chimed in as if agreeing,


"It seems we had the same thought, martial brother. I also wanted to directly meet Elder Baek Sa-ha, offer congratulations, and have a conversation about this and that."


At her words, Jang Neung-ak let out a soft sigh.


He didn't like how she was trying to get involved in any way.


It seemed she was trying to interfere with his business, but did she think he would easily let it slide?


-Swish!


Jang Neung-ak fanned himself with a folding fan and said,


"There's no need for martial sister to be here. I'll meet Elder Baek Sa-ha as a representative, so you can just leave."


"How can I do that? It's an opportunity to meet someone who is like an uncle after a long time, so leaving without even seeing his face would be disrespectful."


"Why would it be considered disrespectful? I'll convey the message well, so don't worry."


"No, it's alright."


Wi So-yeon flatly refused.


Jang Neung-ak glared at her fiercely.


Seeing the two potential successors now openly expressing hostility towards each other, Madam Jang clicked her tongue inwardly.


'The situation we were concerned about might unfold.'


Feeling that it couldn't be helped, Madam Jang finally tried to intervene.


"You two…"


At that moment, a voice was heard from outside the reception room.


"Madam, the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master has arrived."


'!?'


Hearing this, Jang Neung-ak and Wi So-yeon simultaneously frowned.


What was this about?


'How did he…?'


'The kid entered?'


The two of them naturally thought that Mok Gyeong-un would have just delivered the gift and left.


But they had no idea how he had entered the estate.


Then, Madam Jang clasped her hands together, slightly bowed her head towards the two of them, and opened her mouth,


"I apologize, but would it be alright to call the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master here for a moment as well?"


"Mok… No, why the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master?"


"I think I need to seek the same understanding from both of you and the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master."


"The same understanding?"


At Madam Jang's words, Jang Neung-ak and Wi So-yeon couldn't hide their bewilderment.


What was she trying to say?


However, they were in a position where it was difficult to refuse her request, as they wanted to make a good impression on her.


"… Alright."


"I don't mind either."


Soon, the door opened, and Mok Gyeong-un appeared.


Mok Gyeong-un clasped his hands together, bowed his head, and greeted everyone.


"I am Mok Gyeong-un, a disciple of the Shadow Clan Master."


'… He's not just ordinarily good-looking.'


Madam Jang couldn't help but admire Mok Gyeong-un's face inwardly.


She had never seen a man's face that gave off a beautiful impression rather than a handsome one.


But that was only for a moment, and,


"So you were the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master. I am the wife of Elder Baek Sa-ha."


"Ah, so you are the Madam."


Mok Gyeong-un lightly clasped his hands together and bowed again.


Then, she was about to introduce Jang Neung-ak and Wi So-yeon, but Jang Neung-ak waved his hand and said,


"We already exchanged greetings outside, Madam."


"Ah, is that so?"


"Yes, I have greeted the two of them."


At Mok Gyeong-un's answer, Madam Jang pointed to an empty chair and said,


"Then have a seat."


"Yes, thank you."


Mok Gyeong-un went there, glanced at everyone once, and sat down.


Wi So-yeon was sitting next to him, and,


"How did you get in?"


She whispered to Mok Gyeong-un in a low voice.


At her question, Mok Gyeong-un smiled and replied,


"I have some business to take care of."


"That's not what I'm asking right now…"


Before Wi So-yeon could finish her sentence,


Madam Jang clasped her hands together, slightly bowed her head towards all the guests, and spoke,


"I'm afraid I have to seek your understanding, even though you have all gathered here. As you know, my husband is currently observing a three-year mourning period. That's why we are all wearing mourning clothes."


Of course, no one was unaware of this.


She continued,


"I'm grateful that you have come, but… I don't think my husband will be able to meet anyone at the moment."


"… What do you mean by that?"


Jang Neung-ak asked with narrowed eyes.


At his question, Madam Jang replied,


"It's exactly as I said. My husband is currently living in isolation from the outside world. So I have no choice but to seek your understanding."


"But aren't you holding a first birthday celebration right now?"


"He didn't even attend the first birthday celebration."


At Madam Jang's words, both Jang Neung-ak and Wi So-yeon fell silent.


They had come to take advantage of this opportunity, but who would have expected to hear that they couldn't even meet him after entering the household?


No matter how much authority one of the Five Kings had, it was hard to understand how he could send them away without even showing his face when potential successors competing for the position of the next Society Leader had visited.


Both of them were displeased due to the unexpected variable and couldn't readily agree.


Then, Madam Jang said to Mok Gyeong-un,


"Likewise, the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master should also just withdraw this time…"


"I'm afraid that would be difficult."


'!?'


Before she could finish her sentence, a rejection was expressed.


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Madam Jang frowned and looked at him.


She was earnestly seeking their understanding, so what kind of manner of speech was this?


"I clearly said I was seeking your understanding…"


"I apologize, but as far as I know, the benefit of three first-place tokens is established by the sect's rules, so no one can refuse it."


"…"


At those words, Madam Jang bit her lower lip.


Mok Gyeong-un's words were accurate.


Anyone who possessed three first-place tokens from the Corpse Blood Valley entrance could seek guidance from any executive, regardless of who they were.


And that executive could not refuse it.


Since it was established by the sect's rules, everyone had to accept it.


However, the problem was that the Annihilating Poison King Baek Sa-ha was in a state where he couldn't meet anyone.


That's why she had politely sought their understanding in front of everyone, including the Society Leader's disciples.


She thought that Mok Gyeong-un would no longer demand guidance, at least out of consideration for them.


But that expectation was off.


'This child, really…'


Was he lacking in tact? Or was he just stubborn?


Whatever it was, it had become quite troublesome.


If they made an exception for Mok Gyeong-un to meet him due to the sect's rules, what would happen to the potential successors?


It could be described as a dilemma.


In fact, Jang Neung-ak and Wi So-yeon were focusing on what answer she would give.


If she tried to let only Mok Gyeong-un in, citing the sect's rules, there was an atmosphere that they would protest.


-Swish!


At that moment, the second son Baek So-gang, who was standing next to Madam Jang, grabbed her sleeve and shook his head.


Madam Jang let out a long sigh.


'There's no other way.'


She had tried to refuse and send them away on her own terms, but that seemed difficult.


It might be better to experience it directly.


***


Everyone followed Madam Jang and the second son Baek So-gang to the innermost part of the estate.


Behind the main hall, there was a shrine for the ancestors, and next to it, a small detached building was located.


When they arrived in front of this place, the second son Baek So-gang asked for their understanding.


"Please wait here for a moment."


Baek So-gang entered the detached building.


It took about half an hour after he went inside before he came out again.


However, a faint steam-like substance was rising from his shoulders as he emerged.


As they were wondering why,


-Swish!


The second son Baek So-gang bowed his head several times towards everyone with a polite gesture and said,


"Thank you for waiting. I have informed Father about the young masters, the young lady, and the disciple of the Shadow Clan Master who has come to seek guidance."


"Did he say he would meet us?"


Jang Neung-ak asked.


The second son Baek So-gang made a troubled expression and soon opened his mouth,


"… He said he would meet you."


"Oh! In that case, I'll go first…"


"But there is a condition."


"What?"


At Baek So-gang's words, Jang Neung-ak's voice rose slightly.


He was already displeased, thinking that they could have met but were trying to send them away because of Mok Gyeong-un.


But now he was talking about a condition, and no matter how much he came to gain his support, it was difficult to hide his displeasure.


On the other hand,


"May I ask what the condition is?"


Wi So-yeon calmly asked about it.


She thought it was right for the one in need to comply in the current situation.


At her question, Baek So-gang went into the detached building and brought something out again.


It was a small table, and on it were a teapot and several teacups.


"This is…"


"If you can drink the tea we serve and dissolve it with your internal energy, or if we determine that you can endure it for more than an hour, you can enter."


'!?'


At his words, everyone couldn't hide their bewilderment.


What was this about?


What did it mean to drink the tea and endure it to enter?


Then, Wi So-yeon frowned her pretty brows and said,


"Could it be that what's in the teapot is poison?"


"That's right."


'What?'


At the second son Baek So-gang's answer, everyone stirred.


They had been wondering what the condition was to enter and meet him, but this was completely unexpected.


Who would have thought they would be offered a cup of poison?


Jang Neung-ak spoke as if it was absurd,


"Are you joking now? Drink the poison and endure it to enter, what kind of…"


"I apologize. But if you can't do this, you might face a setback if you go inside."


"A setback?"


"That's right. Father, no, the Family Head said it was alright to tell you, so I'll reveal it. Currently, the inside of this detached building is filled with poison qi."


'!?'


At his words, Jang Neung-ak frowned and looked at the detached building.


The inside was filled with poison qi?


As he was puzzled, Madam Jang, the grand matriarch, spoke instead of the second son Baek So-gang,


"The reason I sought your understanding was because of that. I did so because entering there might harm you instead."


"Hah…"


"Even within the family, at most, only four people, including this child, can enter. The inside of the detached building is filled with such strong poison qi that even the Baek family members who have learned poison arts since childhood find it difficult to endure, so I had no choice but to seek your understanding."


"…"


"Yet, will you still enter?"


At her words, Jang Neung-ak and Wi So-yeon hesitated for a moment.


It was difficult to know why the inside was filled with poison qi or why the Annihilating Poison King Baek Sa-ha wasn't coming out from there.


But based on what they were saying now, it seemed there would be no chance to meet him unless they went inside.


'… Poison.'


The problem was simply the poison.


Judging from what Madam Jang and the second son Baek So-gang were saying, it didn't seem to be ordinary poison qi.


It was truly an absurd situation.


Did they have to go this far to meet the Annihilating Poison King?


'Damn it.'


Jang Neung-ak shook his head back and forth.


Irritation surged through him, but there was no other way in the current situation.


If he gained the support of the Annihilating Poison King, he could definitely push Wi So-yeon out of the competition and even match his eldest martial brother to some extent.


No matter how unpleasant and distasteful it was, there was no reason to hesitate.


However, what was worrying was,


'The poison of the Baek family.'


The poison arts of the Baek family led by the Annihilating Poison King Baek Sa-ha were known to be among the top three in the Central Plains.


He had heard that it was an extremely vicious poison art that was not easy to detoxify unless one was from the Sichuan Tang Clan or the Guyang Clan of the Western Regions. He wondered if he could easily endure it.


'Endure it for an hour…'


It might be difficult if he didn't protect his internal organs with internal energy from the beginning.


Jang Neung-ak glanced at Wi So-yeon.


She also seemed to be hesitating, concerned about the same thing as him.


'Sigh.'


Alright.


If the conditions were the same for everyone, it was best to take the lead first.


That way, he could save some face.


Jang Neung-ak, who had made up his mind, was about to step forward at that very moment.


-Sizzle!


'!?'


At that moment, he saw someone already filling a cup in front of him.


It was none other than Mok Gyeong-un.


He had not expected him to suddenly take the lead.


Meanwhile, the second son of the Baek family, Baek So-gang, spoke with a somewhat worried expression,


"Are you sure you'll be alright?"


This poison was no ordinary poison.


It was a level that even skilled poison masters would find difficult to endure easily, as it was condensed from the poison qi inside the detached building and mixed with water.


'His internal energy level seems shallow, if he drinks it carelessly and something happens before we can detoxify him…'


That was Baek So-gang's concern.


Based on his spiritual perception, Mok Gyeong-un's internal energy level seemed to be at most at the initial stage of the peak realm.


With this level of internal energy, there was a high probability that he would not be able to withstand the poison and would face a setback.


Baek So-gang admonished in a whispered voice,


"Young Master Mok. To be honest, don't overdo it. With Young Master Mok's current internal energy cultivation…"


-Gulp!


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un downed the cup in one go.


'Oh my?'


Baek So-gang's expression became perplexed.


He had tried to give him time to sufficiently raise his internal energy, but he just swallowed the extremely poisonous tea in one go?


But what he said next was quite a sight.


"It's sweet."


'!?'