Chapter 153: Kinship (1)

[Since the Corpse Blood Valley was established, there has been only one person who acquired all the Society Leader disciple tokens.]


Those were the words of Valley Master Lee Ji-yeom before the final gate of the Corpse Blood Valley.


At the time, Mok Gyeong-un, who wasn't particularly interested in who had obtained all the Society Leader disciple tokens, only asked one thing.


[May I ask what benefits there are to obtaining all the Society Leader disciple tokens?]


[You can receive teachings from the Society Leader.]


This answer left everyone unable to hide their surprise.


The reason was simple.


[Is it that surprising to receive teachings from the Society Leader?]


Mo Ha-rang had satisfied Mok Gyeong-un's curiosity when he was puzzled.


[The Society Leader is known as one of the Six Heavens, the pinnacle of the current martial arts world. Putting everything else aside, receiving teachings from one of the six strongest people in the world is…]


She couldn't even finish her words.


That's how much the prestige of the Six Heavens could be considered the highest in the Central Plains.


If one could gain the opportunity to receive teachings from such a great figure, who wouldn't be willing to risk their life?


However, since the Corpse Blood Valley was established, there was only one such person.


And that one person was none other than,


'Is it this person?'


The man whose eyes were locked with Mok Gyeong-un's.


The Society Leader's first disciple, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang.


It hadn't been long since Mok Gyeong-un had learned this fact.


It was the Shadow Clan Master who had informed him.


[Both the second disciple, Young Master Jang Neung-ak, and the third disciple, Young Lady Wi So-yeon, possess innate martial talent. However, even they can be considered lacking compared to the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang.]


[To that extent?]


[Yes. Let me put it this way to make it more impactful.]


[What?]


[The Eldest Young Master was the first and last person to obtain all the Society Leader disciple tokens of the Corpse Blood Valley since its establishment and become the Society Leader's disciple.]


'!?'


He obtained all the Society Leader disciple tokens of the Corpse Blood Valley and became a disciple?


Was the Eldest Young Master the one and only person the Corpse Blood Valley Master Lee Ji-yeom had mentioned?


It was truly astonishing.


[While the second young master and the third young miss were selected based on their talent, the Eldest Young Master rose from the bottom and reached his current position on his own.]


[…That's impressive.]


[Yes. He has charisma and is impressive. But more than that, he is also a truly fearsome person.]


[A fearsome person?]


The Shadow Clan Master had described the Eldest Young Master as a fearsome person.


Compared to the second lord, Jang Neung-ak, whom he had described as cunning and tyrannical, requiring caution, he seemed to show considerable wariness towards the Eldest Young Master.


Why was that?


As he wondered, the Shadow Clan Master said:


[Actually, if we only consider his talent in both civil and martial arts, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that the position of the next Society Leader is reserved for the Eldest Young Master.]


[If it's not an exaggeration, why are the disciples competing for the successor's position?]


It made no sense to him.


If he was that outstanding, was there a need to have them compete?


Didn't they say he had the most support among the disciples and was recognized by everyone for his excellence in both civil and martial arts?


Then why hadn't the Society Leader, who was said to be bedridden, appointed him as the successor yet?


In response to Mok Gyeong-un's question, the Shadow Clan Master said something unexpected.


[…The Society Leader might be wary of him too.]


[What?]


What did he mean by that?


The Society Leader of the Heaven and Earth Society, known as one of the Six Heavens, the strongest in the world, was wary of his own first disciple?


Something seemed odd.


[…Is there a reason to be wary? If it's because of his talent, shouldn't he be happy since he's the next successor?]


[Normally, that would be the case.]


[Is there another reason?]


[If there's a reason, there must be one.]


[What is it?]


[He possesses overwhelming martial talent to the extent of passing all the gates of the Corpse Blood Valley as the top disciple and is proficient in both civil and martial arts, so why do only 40% of people support him?]


[Hmm?]


Come to think of it, that was true.


Before hearing from the Shadow Clan Master, he had thought that since they were competing for the successor position, all three of them were either outstanding or nearly equal in level, so a decision couldn't be made.


That's why he had thought 40% each was reasonable, but if he was as dominant as the Shadow Clan Master said and was known as the Society Leader's first disciple, it wouldn't be strange for him to have 80% or 90% support, not just 40%.


That meant one thing could be inferred.


[Is there a disqualifying factor that could overturn all of that?]


Unless there was something that could be a decisive flaw, there was no reason for the Society Leader not to appoint him as the successor.


In response to Mok Gyeong-un's question, the Shadow Clan Master spoke in a meaningful tone.


[He's different from ordinary people.]


[What do you mean by different?]


[Exactly what I said. The Eldest Young Master's standards of thinking, thoughts, and emotions are very different from ordinary people.]


[…]


[I don't know if it's something he was born with or if it's due to environmental factors, but his difference seems to have prevented the Society Leader from making a definite decision.]


[Different…]


In what aspect was he different from ordinary people?


What was certain was that many people were reluctant about the Eldest Young Master because of this difference.


Those who followed the second disciple Jang Neung-ak, the third disciple Wi So-yeon, or remained neutral were probably such people.


***


"How did you know?"


At the question of the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang, who had one pupil black and the other gray-white, Mok Gyeong-un suddenly recalled what the Shadow Clan Master had said.

 1

[He's different from ordinary people.]

 1

'Hmm.'


Mok Gyeong-un's lips twitched slightly.


He didn't quite understand in what sense the Shadow Clan Master had said those words.


Rather, he felt a strange emotion for the first time.


It was a kind of kinship.


'Interesting.'


For the first time in his life, he felt this kind of feeling from someone else.


However, it wasn't just Mok Gyeong-un who felt that emotion.


The moment his eyes met Mok Gyeong-un's, Na Yul-ryang was also captivated by a peculiar feeling.


"Hoh."


A mysterious feeling he had never experienced from ordinary people.


It was emanating from this fellow.


Even though he knew his identity, their eyes met without wavering. Na Yul-ryang could instinctively tell.


"Interesting."


"What do you mean?"


"You… We're of the same kind."


At Na Yul-ryang's words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed.


Did this person also receive the same feeling as him?


Kinship, the same kind.


[Cough cough… Promise me.]


[What are you saying?]


[That you will never… reveal your true nature…]


His grandfather had warned him until the very end.


Not to reveal his true nature that was different from ordinary people.


When his grandfather was by his side, he had tried his best to do so, but as he witnessed countless bloodshed, his suppressed true nature awakened.


His grandfather had called it a murderous nature, but Mok Gyeong-un didn't think so.


It was a kind of liberation of his confined self.


'Different, huh.'


If this was the reason Na Yul-ryang said he was different from ordinary people, did that mean he also fell into that category?


It was truly fascinating.


At that moment, Na Yul-ryang said to Mok Gyeong-un:


"I was wondering why a fellow who was taken as a hostage by the righteous faction defected to our association, but I think I know the reason now."


"…"


"You don't fit in with those old-fashioned places that talk about justice or whatever."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un was about to reveal his true feelings but changed his answer.


"The Heaven and Earth Society just suited me better, that's all."


Regardless of the kinship he felt, there was a difference in their positions.


The other person was the Eldest Young Master, the Society Leader's first disciple.


Even if he gave a similar feeling, he wasn't someone to be treated casually considering his position and martial prowess.


-Swish!


At that moment, Na Yul-ryang put his hands behind his back and leisurely circled around Mok Gyeong-un.


He was examining him from head to toe with his eyes.


Being observed like this, aside from the kinship, wasn't a pleasant feeling.


"It's truly strange that even when you're this close, I can't properly sense your energy. Where did you learn this technique?"


At the direct question, Mok Gyeong-un lowered his head and replied:


"I learned it from the Shadow Clan Master."


"The Shadow Clan Master?"


"Yes."


"That's odd. Although the Shadow Clan Master's energy is known to have a stronger tendency towards yin energy compared to others, it's not at a level where he can completely control and conceal himself."


"…"


Judging from Na Yul-ryang's tone, he spoke as if he was a level above the Shadow Clan Master.


However, it was difficult to simply deny this because the energy emanating from Na Yul-ryang was strongly condensed into a single point in his lower abdomen, unable to leak out.


Although it was condensed, the energy faintly leaking from that point seemed like it could explode at any moment.


'Strong.'


It was difficult to even estimate how strong he was.


From what he could see now, he might even be comparable to the level of the Five Kings (五王, o-wang).


He seemed to understand why the Shadow Clan Master had said he was more outstanding than the second disciple Jang Neung-ak and the third disciple Wi So-yeon.


At that moment, Na Yul-ryang said with a smirk:


"You're already trying to hide it."


"No, I wouldn't dare do that to the Eldest Young Master."


"Really?"


"That's right."


"Good. As a martial artist, there might be aspects you want to hide at first. Since it's the first time, I'll let it slide. Well, that's not my real concern anyway."


With those words, Na Yul-ryang suddenly stroked his chin.


Then, as if pondering, he stared at Mok Gyeong-un and opened his mouth.


"How did you know earlier?"


"Earlier?"


"How did you know who I was? I disguised my voice, and you couldn't have met me before."


Even if he could receive information about appearances as a disciple of the Shadow Clan, who was in charge of information and artifacts, he had guessed correctly without even seeing him.


Na Yul-ryang wanted to solve that mystery.


At his question, Mok Gyeong-un nonchalantly said:


"It was a guess."


"A guess?"


"Yes."


"You guessed who I was based on a hunch without any information…"


"It wasn't without any information."


"It wasn't?"


"Poison King was the only one who hadn't visited me, and I guessed based on the fact that you knocked out the subordinates of the second young master and the third young miss who had tried to contact me."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Na Yul-ryang extended his hand and said:


"I might not know about knocking out the third junior sister 's follower, but where was the second junior brother's subordinate?"


At this, Mok Gyeong-un pointed to the corner of the wall with his hand.


It was the place where the emanating energy had suddenly decreased for a moment.


"Didn't you knock out Seo Hye-in, the leader of the Grass-Smoke Clan, a subordinate of the second young master?"


'!?'


These words brought a glint to Na Yul-ryang's eyes.


He was surprised not only that he had noticed someone secretly observing him with his perception but also that he had correctly guessed who it was.


"You… Your energy perception is very sensitive."


"That's not true. I had no idea you were here."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Na Yul-ryang chuckled and snorted.


It was a reaction as if it was natural.


It could be seen as arrogant, but it rather suited him well.


"Well, leaving that aside, you guessed based on knocking them out?"


"Yes. There's no way their lords, the second or third disciples, would suddenly knock them out when they were trying to bring me into their factions…"


"And there would be even less reason for other executives to knock them out, right?"


"Yes."


At Mok Gyeong-un's answer, Na Yul-ryang said with a smile:


"I thought your martial prowess was decent, but you also use your head quite well."


"…You flatter me."


"If I had left it to my apprentices, it would have been somewhat enjoyable to watch you fight, but now that I've seen you in person, I can't do that."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un thought.


As expected, was the Eldest Young Master also trying to bring him into his faction?


However, unexpected words came out of his mouth.


"You must have also felt that you're a similar kind to me, right?"


"…"


"So, here's the thing. I've changed my mind. For a fellow like you, it's either I can control you completely, or it's best to kill you right now."


-Swish!


As soon as he finished speaking, a blue blade energy gathered at the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang's index finger.


It was a sword force.