Chapter 154: Kinship (2)

"So, here's the thing. I've changed my mind. For a fellow like you, it's either I can control you completely, or it's best to kill you right now."


-Swish!


The blue blade energy emanating from the two gathered fingertips of the Society Leader's first disciple, Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang, was the sword force formed by the condensation of true energy.


-Crack crack crack!


Cracks began to form on the ground around where Na Yul-ryang was standing.


It was the aftermath of the blade energy flowing from his body.


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes became sharper than before.


'…This is troublesome.'


Although he had anticipated Na Yul-ryang's martial prowess to some extent, it completely exceeded his expectations.


Contrary to his expectation that he might have reached the pinnacle of the peak stage, surprisingly, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang had broken through the bottleneck and reached the Transformation Realm.


Cheong-ryeong, who was inside Mok Gyeong-un, also noticed this and said:


-He has broken through the bottleneck.


-It seems so.


-This is serious. Now I understand why he called you his kind.


Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue.


Even if they were the Society Leader's disciples, if they were involved with the executives, they wouldn't carelessly mess with them.


But this fellow, the Eldest Young Master, was different.


The killing intent in his eyes and the way he immediately invoked the sword force reminded her of Mok Gyeong-un, showing that his thinking was different from ordinary people.


How many people would judge their opponent based on their own perception and try to kill them at their first meeting?


In that regard, they were indeed similar.


-Swish!


At that moment, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang's fingers twitched.


Mok Gyeong-un had no time to think and quickly twisted his body to the left.


-Thud!


-Slash!


As soon as he did that, the air right in front of his nose was cut by a sharp energy, and a blue light sliced through space.


Then, it cleanly cut into the ground in a straight line.


The distance stretched over ten zhang.


Mok Gyeong-un frowned.


-That bastard really intends to kill you.


'I know.'


Otherwise, there was no way he would show such an incredible thing.


If he had reacted a little slower, his body would have been precisely split in half.


Mok Gyeong-un clicked his tongue inwardly.


From the way he acted immediately upon making up his mind, his way of thinking was indeed quite similar to his own.


He was an extremely efficient person.


Even if he were in the opposite position, he would have made a similar judgment.


Neither Na Yul-ryang nor himself were the type to truly be loyal to someone or open their hearts.


Right at that moment,


-Swish!


"You have good eyes."


-Thud!


Along with the voice, two fingers flew towards his eyes.


The moment he heard the word "eyes," he reflexively tilted his head to the side, allowing Mok Gyeong-un to narrowly avoid having his eyes pierced.


However,


-Thud!


As soon as he dodged, Na Yul-ryang swung his arm in that state and struck his face.


The martial power was so strong that Mok Gyeong-un's body flew to the side and crashed into the wall of the courtyard.


-Crash!


As his body collided, the wall crumbled.


'Haa.'


Blood flowed from Mok Gyeong-un's mouth.


The moment the martial power penetrated his face, he had tried to disperse it with the Death Qi, but it was too fast, and it seemed his mouth had been torn.


'Troublesome.'


This was too strong.


Mok Gyeong-un staggered and regained his stance.


Seeing him like this, a glint appeared in the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang's eyes.


'He endured?'


He had felt surprised three times now.


The first slash he had swung was intended to kill Mok Gyeong-un instantly.


But surprisingly, the fellow saw his fingers moving and moved his body without hesitation to dodge it.


So, thinking he had better eyes and insight than expected, he tried to take his eyes first.


But he dodged this too.


'Sturdy.'


The arm he had swung right after dodging the eyes was not only aimed at striking Mok Gyeong-un's face but also intended to blow his head off entirely, using more than 70% of his martial power.


But the moment he was hit in the face, he entrusted his body to the force and managed to survive.


"Ha. Is it innate?"


Na Yul-ryang raised the corners of his mouth.


He immediately realized that Mok Gyeong-un's senses were different from ordinary people.


His senses were sensitive and innate, almost like a beast.


Ordinary fellows would have already been dead.


"Not bad."


Na Yul-ryang praised Mok Gyeong-un.


At this, the staggering Mok Gyeong-un said:


"You flatter me."


"No. You're the first one to endure three times when I intended to kill, besides that guy from the Five Tigers."


That guy from the Five Tigers?


The Five Tigers were the top disciples of the Heaven and Earth Society.


Since Mok Gyeong-un had defeated Woo Ho-rang, one of them, he felt puzzled by Na Yul-ryang's words.


If it were Woo Ho-rang, he would have lost his life to Na Yul-ryang's first slash.


Did that mean there was an even more skilled expert?


But that wasn't important right now.


Mok Gyeong-un said:


"…While I understand your reason for wanting to kill me, others might not. Will that be all right?"


"Hahaha. It's hard to endure, so you're using your head. It's useless."


"I know. But I also have to use my head to preserve my life."


"You know how to move your tongue despite having only three inches, but it's useless. Once I've made up my mind to kill you here today, you absolutely cannot escape that outcome."


-Swish!


As soon as he finished speaking, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang reached Mok Gyeong-un's front.


Na Yul-ryang struck down with his palm towards Mok Gyeong-un's head.


He intended to shatter his head and kill him instantly.


'He can't dodge this time.'


Just as he thought that,


The moment Na Yul-ryang's palm touched Mok Gyeong-un's head,


'Ritual of Repulsion.'


-Whoosh!


Strangely, as if grasping an eel in his hand, his palm slipped to the side and staggered, missing its target.


In that fleeting gap, Mok Gyeong-un launched a palm strike towards Na Yul-ryang's heart.


-Bam!


"Hahaha!"


At that moment, Na Yul-ryang let out a laugh filled with madness.


Along with it,


-Thud! Boom boom!


Mok Gyeong-un's body was bounced back, crashing into the opposite wall and breaking it.


Mok Gyeong-un coughed up blood as he collapsed along with the shattered wall.


"Cough cough."


He was the one who had struck, but due to the tremendous repulsive force surging from Na Yul-ryang's chest, he had instead suffered internal injuries.


Thanks to that, he clearly realized.


Currently, it was extremely difficult to deal with an expert of the Transformation Realm.


In his mind, he listed various secret techniques such as opening the middle elixir field, reverse acupoint technique, left sword right palm, and tried to come up with a plan, but no answer emerged.


The difference in level was too great to compensate with secret techniques.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un asked:


-Haa… Haa… What should I do?


In response to Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong said:


-It's impossible. If the opponent is a pinnacle expert of the Transformation Realm, the level is completely different. No matter what technique you use, you can't win.


The answer Cheong-ryeong gave was the cold reality.


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth with his sleeve and smacked his lips.


This time, it was truly difficult.


After meeting someone of the same kind, he clearly understood.


Unless someone appeared and intervened midway, there was almost no chance of surviving this situation.


At that moment, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang walked over and said:


"You're a really interesting fellow."


-Sizzle sizzle sizzle!


A dark red haze was rising from his chest area.


It was a phenomenon caused by Mok Gyeong-un's poison palm.


Na Yul-ryang was genuinely intrigued.


He had tried to blow off his head, but due to a mysterious technique, the true energy was pushed in all directions and slipped.


Not only that, but he had also launched a full-force poison palm strike towards his heart.


Since he had already watched the fight with Woo Ho-rang, dealing with the poison palm wasn't difficult.


From the moment he had broken through the bottleneck, he could handle true energy as if breathing, so he could easily dispel the poison as well.


"The more I see, the more tricks you have up your sleeve."


"Haa… Haa… Those tricks… I could use them… for the Eldest Young Master…"


"No. Even if it's one-tenth or one-hundredth of loyalty to me, if there's a possibility of stabbing me in the back, it's better to kill you now."


"Too much… distrust… don't you think?"


"Distrust? No. It's certainty. You're the same kind as me. You probably don't have any fear of death or terror of others."


"…"


"The most definite emotion you feel is probably the desire to kill. That's what makes you feel alive. Can you deny it?"


Mok Gyeong-un's lips twitched.


He now understood why he had felt a sense of kinship.


Except for one thing.


Seeing Mok Gyeong-un's face, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang raised the corners of his mouth and said:


"I am curious. If you're truly the same kind as me, you won't show any despair even at the moment of death."


"…Who knows."


"I'll find out by cutting off your limbs one by one."


-Swish!


As soon as he finished speaking, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang moved.


Once again, his figure blurred, and in an instant, he reached right in front of Mok Gyeong-un.


Na Yul-ryang's sword force aimed to precisely cut off Mok Gyeong-un's right arm.


-Slash!


Mok Gyeong-un concentrated intensely and tried to unleash the Ritual of Repulsion, one of the techniques of the Eight Thought-Shattering Techniques, at the moment the sword force was about to touch.


But at that instant, Na Yul-ryang's left hand struck Mok Gyeong-un's neck first.


-Thud!


"Ugh."


-Bang!


Along with it, Mok Gyeong-un's body fell sideways and was thrown to the ground.


The shattered ground alone showed how hard he had been hit.


Na Yul-ryang said with a sneer:


"That mysterious technique earlier seemed to target the moment the attack was about to land, but it seems difficult to respond to sudden changes like this."


-…Ha.


Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue.


She had thought there wouldn't be anyone like Mok Gyeong-un in the world.


But this bastard was not only of the same kind but also had an innate sense of combat.


He had responded to the Ritual of Repulsion in just a single attempt.


No matter how much of an expert who had broken through the bottleneck, it was difficult to do this.


'Impossible.'


This was an existence that Mok Gyeong-un absolutely couldn't handle at his current level.


To think there was such a monstrous fellow.


At that moment, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang aimed his sword force at Mok Gyeong-un's right shoulder.


"Well then, shall we start with the right arm?"


-Shing!


Na Yul-ryang's appearance, with the corners of his mouth reaching his ears, was the embodiment of madness itself.


He seemed to feel joy from someone's suffering.


The sword force was about to pierce Mok Gyeong-un's shoulder.


-Swish!


Right at that moment,


-Crack!


The sound of something breaking was heard.


At this, one of Na Yul-ryang's eyebrows rose.


What was that sound just now?


-Roar!


Right then,


Suddenly, blood droplets began to surge upward from all directions.


Then, starting from the ground, the walls, and everything around began to be dyed in red blood.


The sky, which was gradually darkening as evening approached, was suddenly tinged with a bloody color, engulfing everything.


'What the hell is this?'


The moment he thought that, everything disappeared as if it had been an illusion.


'!?'


What could it be?


It was too vivid to be a hallucination.


Sensing an eerie premonition from this unknown and bizarre phenomenon, Na Yul-ryang felt a strange sense of wariness.


An ordinary person would have felt fear or been at a loss due to the wariness, but he was different from normal people.


Na Yul-ryang judged that this sudden and bizarre phenomenon must be related to Mok Gyeong-un.


So,


'I should just kill him.'


The moment he made up his mind, he tried to swing his sword force towards Mok Gyeong-un's neck.


At that instant,


-Clang!


Something blocked his sword force.


The thing that blocked the sword force was none other than a long pipe.


'A long pipe?'


Mok Gyeong-un breathed heavily and looked up at the being holding the long pipe.


The owner of the long pipe was none other than Cheong-ryeong.


Cheong-ryeong spoke in a cold voice:


-He belongs to me.


-Zap!


Feeling a strange sensation that stimulated all five senses for the first time, Na Yul-ryang retracted his sword force.


Then, he frowned and said:


"Junior sister?"


'!?'