Chapter 161: Proposition (1)

'S-Senior brother?'


'Huh? Grand Leader Woo?'


The person lifted by Mok Gyeong-un's hand was none other than Woo Horang, the chief disciple of Bright Blade King Son Yun and one of the Five Tigers, known as the top successors of the Heaven and Earth Society.


He was known to be someone that only executives could handle, yet seeing him unconscious and covered in blood, as if he had suffered serious injuries, the disciple pair Yeop Wi-seon and Transient Sword Group's leader Yang Il couldn't hide their shock.


'What's going on?'


Why was their senior brother in such a state?


Yeop Wi-seon had never seen his senior brother defeated by someone before.


Yeop Wi-seon's gaze momentarily turned towards Mok Gyeong-un.


'No. Absolutely not.'


For a moment, he wondered if it was Mok Gyeong-un's doing.


But that couldn't be.


He had sparred with him before, so he knew his martial prowess.


He believed Mok Gyeong-un was either at the pinnacle of Peak Realm or slightly above it.


But for him to reduce his senior brother, who had reached the Peak Realm, to such a state?


It was absurd.


But then,


-Thud!


Transient Sword Group's leader Yang Il dropped the large stone he had placed on the short sword's blade and spoke with a gaze filled with wariness.


"Mok Gyeong-un. Is this your doing?"


'Huh?'


Now what was this about?


No matter how much that damned bastard possessed decent martial prowess that even their lord, Wi So-yeon, showed interest in, he didn't have the ability to handle their senior brother.


"Brother Yang. That bastard's martial prowess is similar to mine. He's not capable of being an opponent for our senior brother."


"What are you talking about? Brother Yeop. That Mok Gyeong-un has reached the Peak Realm, just like the Grand Leader of the Geo Gwal."


'!?'


At Yang Il's words, Yeop Wi-seon showed a dumbfounded expression.


Was he mocking him now?


It hadn't even been half a month since he had encountered the bastard at the Corpse Blood Valley.


But in that time, by what means had he reached the Peak Realm?


"Are you mocking me now? I've sparred with that bastard before…"


"It's not a joke. Our lord personally said so, and Jang Neung-ak, the Society Leader's second disciple, also acknowledged his martial prowess."


"…What?"


What?


Even their lord and Jang Neung-ak acknowledged it?


What in the world was going on?


Did this make any sense?


How could he have reached the Peak Realm in such a short time since they had sparred at the Corpse Blood Valley's non-stick pot?


It was impossible to believe.


As he was perplexed, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smile,


"I'll return him to you."


"What?"


"Your senior brother. Take him."


"W-Wait. What are you trying to…"


-Whoosh!


Before Yeop Wi-seon could finish his words, Mok Gyeong-un casually tossed the unconscious Woo Horang, whom he had been holding with one hand, towards Yeop Wi-seon as if he were a piece of luggage.


Woo Horang's considerably large body flew towards Yeop Wi-seon at a fast speed.


"Y-You bastard?"


Yeop Wi-seon hurriedly spread his arms to catch Woo Horang.


He drew upon a suitable amount of martial power, intending to stably receive his senior brother, but…


-Bang!


"Ugh!"


The moment he caught Woo Horang's body, the weight of the martial power contained within caused Yeop Wi-seon's knees to buckle.


Along with that, Yeop Wi-seon's feet…


-Skid skid skid skid!


Slid across the courtyard's ground, being pushed back by about eight steps.


Even this was only possible because he had gritted his teeth and endured it by drawing upon his tenth-level martial power halfway through.


Although it had happened in an instant, it felt quite lengthy to Yeop Wi-seon.


"Haa… Haa…"


-Thud!


Yeop Wi-seon's breathing became ragged as he struggled to set Woo Horang on the ground.


'What? What was that?'


What had just happened was the subtle principle of Transferring Flowers and Connecting Wood.


If the orthodox method was to utilize the opponent's energy, transmitting energy to the opponent by imbuing it into something was also an application of Transferring Flowers and Connecting Wood.


This was also called the technique of Striking Objects to Transmit Energy.


'…It's impossible.'


This level of advanced subtle principle was not something that a martial artist who had reached the Peak Realm could execute.


It was a technique that could only be used by those who had ascended to the Peak Realm and possessed a high level of understanding of energy.


Yeop Wi-seon found it difficult to accept even after experiencing it firsthand.


There was anger towards the bastard, but this was also something that was impossible by common sense.


How could he have gained enlightenment and reached a higher realm than himself in such a short time?


As he was perplexed, Yang Il asked,


"Was that just now Striking Objects to Transmit Energy? Brother Yeop, are you alright?"


"…I'm fine."


Although he had learned that the bastard's inner energy was extraordinary through the Striking Objects to Transmit Energy technique, he had not suffered internal injuries.


He just felt unsettled and dirty.


Then, Mok Gyeong-un spoke,


"That person. His acupoints have been sealed, so you'll need to release them for him to regain consciousness."


"What? You're saying you sealed our senior brother's acupoints?"


"No. I didn't do it."


'!?'


At Mok Gyeong-un's denial, Transient Sword Group's leader Yang Il asked in puzzlement,


"Then, if it wasn't you, Mok Gyeong-un, but someone else who sealed his acupoints, does that mean that person is the one who reduced the Grand Leader of the Geo Gwal to this state?"


"Ah. That's not it. It's true that he ended up like this after fighting me."


"Are you trying to play word games with us, you bastard?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Yeop Wi-seon shouted, his anger boiling over.


Then, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged and said,


"It's the truth. And why would I joke with you?"


"Joke? Ha! I get it now."


"What do you mean?"


"Seeing that someone else sealed his acupoints, you ganged up on our senior brother and overwhelmed him."


"…"


"It makes sense. No matter how rapidly your martial arts have progressed, how could a bastard like you defeat our senior brother, one of the Five Tigers, alone?"


'Hmm.'


At Yeop Wi-seon's heated exclamation, Yang Il also glanced at Mok Gyeong-un with a skeptical gaze.


In fact, their lord, Wi So-yeon, had said that Mok Gyeong-un's martial prowess seemed to be at the beginning of the Peak Realm.


That was why she had sent not Yang Il, whose martial prowess was similar to Mok Gyeong-un's, but Woo Horang, who possessed the highest martial prowess among her subordinates.


But if their lord's judgment was accurate, no matter how one thought about it, Mok Gyeong-un's martial prowess alone couldn't have defeated Woo Horang.


'The gap between the beginning and the pinnacle of Peak Realm is significant.'


Yang Il himself had also sparred with Woo Horang and lost, so he had experienced that gap firsthand.


The title of the Five Tigers was not something anyone could receive.


Wasn't Woo Horang a monster among the successors who were known to be unrivaled by anyone except the executives?


In that case, Yeop Wi-seon's words about a joint attack also made sense.


'…Could it be that he has joined hands with them?'


In fact, what their lord, Wi So-yeon, had been concerned about was Mok Gyeong-un entering under the faction of Jang Neung-ak, the Society Leader's second disciple.


Judging from Jang Neung-ak's attitude, he already seemed to be quite close to Mok Gyeong-un.


'Ah!'


Yang Il's eyes widened as if he had realized something, and he whispered to Yeop Wi-seon,


"I think Brother Yeop is right."


"What do you mean by that?"


"I heard that one of Jang Neung-ak's close subordinates, Woo Maeng-chun of the Two Peaks, was murdered last night."


"What?"


At this, Yeop Wi-seon's eyes widened.


What in the world had happened while he was in secluded training?


Yang Il continued,


"I thought it was strange that Jang Neung-ak kept glaring at our lord and Grand Leader Woo with eyes full of killing intent at the Baek Clan's residence."


"Ha! Then there's no doubt that the bastard hostage of the righteous faction and Jang Neung-ak's subordinates ganged up on our senior brother and reduced him to this state."


"…"


-Those foolish persons. What nonsense are they spouting?


At Cheong-ryeong's words, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled.


There was no way they couldn't hear him even if they whispered.


He hadn't said a word, yet they were piecing together the situation in their own way.


It was him who had killed Woo Maeng-chun, Jang Neung-ak's close subordinate, and it was also him who had reduced Woo Horang, Wi So-yeon's subordinate, to this state, but there was no connection between the two incidents.


However, it was quite amusing to see them linking unrelated incidents together.


'They're fun to play with.'


That was the extent of Mok Gyeong-un's judgment.


But now, he had no business with them.


"You two. If you want to continue your conversation, go ahead. I'm here to see Young Lady Wi So-yeon. She's inside the main hall, right?"


Mok Gyeong-un tried to take a step forward.


At that moment,


-Shing!


Yeop Wi-seon drew his unique weapon, the Geo-hyeong-do, which he had been carrying on his back.


Then, he aimed the tip of the blade at Mok Gyeong-un and shouted,


"How dare you try to meet the lady with those filthy feet?"


"You're really making this troublesome."


"What?"


"I haven't agreed to your interesting speculation, so why don't you just release that person's acupoints and confirm it directly?"


Mok Gyeong-un tried to take another step forward.


At that instant, a sharp murderous intent rose from the ground just three steps ahead of Mok Gyeong-un, drawing a line.


-Swish!


The one who drew that line was none other than Transient Sword Group's leader, Yang Il.


With his sword radiating murderous intent, ready to strike at any moment, Yang Il warned,


"Abandon any thoughts of crossing that line."


At his strong warning, Yeop Wi-seon thought it was fortunate.


He had already judged that he had no chance in a one-on-one confrontation due to Mok Gyeong-un's sudden advancement.


However, the situation was different if they fought together.


Transient Sword Group's leader, Yang Il, was an outstanding talent who had reached the beginning of the Peak Realm.


Excluding their senior brother, he could be considered the left arm of their lord, Wi So-yeon.


If they fought together, the advantage would be theirs.


'That son of a bitch. Perfect.'


Moreover, back then, he had been careful not to fully unleash his techniques because they were inside the treasure-filled Corpse Blood Valley.


But now, it was different.


In this spacious courtyard, he could use his full power.


"Brother Yang… I'll join you."


-Step!


Yeop Wi-seon stood beside Transient Sword Group's leader Yang Il and assumed a starting stance.


A joint attack might be cowardly, but they had sufficient justification.


After all, there was suspicion that the bastard had also used a joint attack against their senior brother.


But then, Mok Gyeong-un waved his hand lightly, as if he found it bothersome, and said,


"Let's stop this. I didn't come here to fight, but to see Young Lady Wi So-yeon."


"Shut up! Do you think our lord would meet with a mere hostage of the righteous faction?"


"That's strange. From what I remember your senior brother saying, Young Lady Wi So-yeon had summoned me. Isn't that right?"


"That's…"


The answer to this came from Yang Il, who was standing next to him.


"She did summon you. Because our lord highly values you. But do you think we'll let you meet the lady so casually after you've seriously injured the Grand Leader of the Geo Gwal, who went to fetch you?"


"You're not making sense. Then why don't you just wake up that person and ask him directly?"


"What?"


"You keep talking as if I was the one who attacked him first, so why don't you release his acupoints and directly… Ah, no."


Mok Gyeong-un stopped mid-sentence and shook his head.


Then, he said to them,


"Why don't you two just attack me together?"


"What?"


"You're telling us to attack together?"


"Didn't you hear me? I said it would be better if I defeat both of you and go. That way, even the lady will feel the impact."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Transient Sword Group's leader Yang Il's eyes sharpened.


Unlike Yeop Wi-seon's words, he had no intention of launching a joint attack or attacking Mok Gyeong-un first.


He still couldn't be sure about the truth.


However, as a martial artist, such provocation was quite irritating.


"Are you underestimating me and Brother Yeop?"


"Underestimate? Of course not."


"Then why are you telling us to attack simultaneously?"


At Yang Il's question, Mok Gyeong-un replied with a smile,


"It's bothersome to deal with you one by one, and you're not at a high enough level, so I'm telling you to attack together."

 2

-Grit!


Yang Il gritted his teeth.


He usually responded calmly to provocations.


However, he was already quite displeased by the statement that Mok Gyeong-un had defeated Woo Horang, who was like their eldest brother, so when Mok Gyeong-un provoked him like this, he couldn't endure it.


"Is that so? Then let's see how strong you are!"


-Whoosh!


Yang Il launched his figure towards Mok Gyeong-un.


Likewise, Yeop Wi-seon, who was angry at Mok Gyeong-un's provocation and had been waiting for an opportunity to launch a joint attack, kicked off the ground in sync with Yang Il and launched his figure.


'Chohaemujunggeom's 4th stance, Gathering Shadows and Marking Promises!'


'Renowned Sun Blade Technique's 2nd hidden stance, Proclaiming Harm and Recounting Faults!'


Yang Il and Yeop Wi-seon simultaneously swung their sword and blade, attempting to unleash their ultimate techniques.


It was at that very moment.


-Swish!


-Clang!


'No way?'


'Gasp!'


In an instant, Mok Gyeong-un's figure blurred and reappeared in front of them, his hands already grasping the blades of their sword and blade before they could even execute their ultimate techniques.


'!!!!!!!!'


Both Yang Il and Yeop Wi-seon couldn't hide their bewilderment at what had happened in a single moment.


What in the world was going on?


They couldn't even see his movements.


-Crack!


'W-What strength?'


'I can't pull out the blade…'


They tried to draw upon their martial power to pull out their sword and blade, but they wouldn't budge.


To them, Mok Gyeong-un nonchalantly said,


"You're slow."

 3

"You bastard!"


-Whoosh!


Yang Il released the sword he was holding and gathered his index and middle fingers, raising murderous intent to pierce Mok Gyeong-un's Adam's apple.


However,


-Thud!


Before he could do so, Mok Gyeong-un's kick struck his head.


Along with his brain being shaken, Yang Il's eyes rolled back, and he slumped to the ground.


-Thud!


"You didn't expect me to just wait for you to hit me, did you?"


Mok Gyeong-un sneered at the unconscious Yang Il.


Seeing this scene, Yeop Wi-seon was so shocked that his face turned pale, and his hands and feet began to tremble.


What the hell was this?


Wasn't he someone who had been almost evenly matched with him not long ago?


But how had he become this strong?


Although Yang Il was at the beginning stage, he had reached the Peak Realm, so even Woo Horang, one of the Five Tigers, couldn't defeat him in an instant like this.


"Y-You bastard, just what…"


"If you know you can't match me in skill, wouldn't it be better to politely step aside?"


-Grip!


At Mok Gyeong-un's arrogant words, Yeop Wi-seon bit his lip hard.


He had already experienced that he was no match for Mok Gyeong-un when he used the Striking Objects to Transmit Energy technique.


But he didn't want to show any weakness to this bastard.


At this, Yeop Wi-seon abruptly swung a fist at Mok Gyeong-un and shouted,


"You son of a bitch…"


-Smack!


"Ack!"


The fist didn't even touch him.


Before he could even finish his words, Mok Gyeong-un grabbed Yeop Wi-seon's neck and lifted him up.


Then, with an eerie smile, he said to the struggling Yeop Wi-seon,


"Don't use such strong language. It makes you look weak."

 2

-Shudder!


For a moment, goosebumps rose from Yeop Wi-seon's spine, and his eyes reddened with fear.


It was at that very moment.


"Stop!"


The sound of someone's shout was heard.


The owner of that shout was none other than,


'Y-Young Lady?'


Wi So-yeon, the Society Leader's third disciple.


She had emerged from the main hall building and was looking at Mok Gyeong-un with surprised eyes.