Chapter 167: Variables (3)

On the roof of a high tower, someone was concentrating with one hand forming a seal.


It was none other than Cho Tae-cheong.


Sensing the strong spiritual power once again, he was spreading a barrier in all directions, trying to determine the location.


'Crafty fellow.'


Cho Tae-cheong clicked his tongue.


If the level is higher than that of Blue Sprit, they don't hide themselves.


It's because they have reached a level where even the masters of the martial world or the Imaemangnyang cannot easily subdue them.


However, this soul knows how to hide itself.


Moreover, when it noticed his presence in that brief moment, it changed its location.


'It's fast enough to evade the Toru.'


Toru.


It was a Imaemangnyang-level evil spirit that Cho Tae-cheong used as his servant spirit.


This Toru, known as the Red Falling Star of Mount Kunlun, was faster than the maximum speed of a Blood-Sweating Horse, yet it couldn't catch this soul.


As Cho Tae-cheong was concentrating, the muscles on his face twitched, and his expression changed.


"The route is clearly intentional."


Speaking in a hoarse voice, Cho Tae-cheong's expression returned to normal.


In his original state, Cho Tae-cheong spoke as if having a conversation.


"I know."


This crafty being was luring his pursuit.


Otherwise, there was no way it would periodically reveal its energy like this.


As a result, Cho Tae-cheong could be certain.


"It's trying to hide something."


If it's intentionally luring, it's clearly to conceal something.


Whether it's a companion or whatever else.


However, there was something this soul didn't know.


"It's good to use your head, but is it really just one?"


***


Cheong-ryeong, holding a long pipe, was rapidly moving and constantly changing locations.


She intentionally revealed her energy to let the diviner sense her presence.


Of course, it was to move away from Mok Gyeong-un.


-Whoosh!


As a spiritual body, she could fly in the sky, and unless one was an expert at the peak of the Transcendent Realm or the Transformation Realm, it was difficult to perfectly keep up with her movements.


However, something was continuously following her.


'How annoying.'


Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue.


It seemed to be the diviner's servant spirit that had sensed her.


The demonic energy emanating from the servant spirit was no ordinary matter.


If her level hadn't risen to that of a Blue Spirit, it would have been strong enough to catch up to her.


Perhaps, based on her estimation,


'Imaemangnyang.'


Its level seemed to have reached that of an Imaemangnyang.


At a glance, she had almost been caught up once, and judging from the strange horns and sheep-like appearance, it was probably the Red Falling Star Toru of Mount Kunlun.


To think he would command an evil spirit of this level as his servant spirit, he was no ordinary fellow.


However, her current level had reached that of an Indigo Spirit.


She could sufficiently shake it off…


-Startled!


Suddenly, Cheong-ryeong's eyes sharpened.


It was because she sensed a shadow looming over her.


The shadow was making huge wing flaps.


-Ha!


Cheong-ryeong looked back in disbelief.


This was not the Toru Imaemangnyang.


She knew this being well, with the upper body of a giant bird and the lower body of a hornet.


'Heum-won[1]…'


Heum-won.


This was also an Imaemangnyang residing in Mount Kunlun, like the Toru.


'Two of them?'


This was completely unexpected.


She had thought it was troublesome enough to deal with an evil spirit of Imaemangnyang level, but to think he was controlling not one, but two Imaemangnyang.


This was already a monster belonging to the upper ranks of diviners.


'It's not just troublesome…'


And at that very moment, the giant bird with a hornet's lower body fired sharp spikes at Cheong-ryeong.


-Swish swish swish swish swish!


'Tsk.'


-Swish!


Cheong-ryeong quickly dodged it and changed direction.


But at that moment, something was recklessly charging from the front.


It was the other Imaemangnyang, the Toru.


The Toru in front, the Heum-won behind.


'This is really a bind.'


With Imaemangnyang-level evil spirits blocking the front and back, it was truly a situation of being trapped.


***


"Mmm."


Wi So-yeon, moaning passionately, panted and wrapped her legs around Mok Gyeong-un's waist.


Mok Gyeong-un originally had no desire for such relationships.


However, this relationship, which he had started to make her his own with a purpose, was bringing a certain level of interest.


'Is this what pleasure is?'


It was a strange sensation he was experiencing for the first time, but it wasn't bad.


He had thought of it as merely an act done for reproduction, regardless of the species, but Wi So-yeon, drenched in sweat, embracing him and crying out passionately, piqued his interest.


She had been so embarrassed when they first engaged in this act that she didn't know what to do.


But at some point, she too was yearning for him without hiding her excitement.


-Thud!


"Aah!"


Whenever Mok Gyeong-un moved his hips, Wi So-yeon cried out.


This sound was strangely stimulating.


He had intended to make her submit appropriately and then finish, but due to this stimulation, he was already holding Wi So-yeon for the fifth time without rest.


-Thud!


Mok Gyeong-un pushed Wi So-yeon against the wall, grabbed her thighs, lifted them, and pressed them upward.


"Haa… Haa…"


The rough breathing of Wi So-yeon, who had completely become a woman, and the way she looked at Mok Gyeong-un were extremely sensual.


Looking at her face, Mok Gyeong-un felt a strange feeling.


'…'


It was because Wi So-yeon overlapped with Cheong-ryeong.


He had perceived them as completely different beings, nothing more, nothing less, but when he learned about the sensation of pleasure from this act and received stimulation, Cheong-ryeong occasionally overlapped with her.


'Strange.'


He didn't know why this was happening.


But why was it more stimulating to think of Cheong-ryeong through Wi So-yeon?


With that, Mok Gyeong-un drove into her even more roughly.


"Aah!"


Wi So-yeon's slender waist shook violently.


Panting and gasping for breath, Wi So-yeon embraced Mok Gyeong-un and whispered in a seductive voice.


"More… More!"

 4

She wanted to continue becoming one with Mok Gyeong-un.


This pleasure was stimulating and too addictive.


***


"Haa… Haa…"


The sweat-soaked Wi So-yeon lay in Mok Gyeong-un's arms, exhaling roughly.


It was her first time knowing a man, and she understood why Gi Ok-ryeon and those around her made such a fuss about it.


It was truly a pleasure that was hard to escape from.


Wi So-yeon glanced at Mok Gyeong-un's face as she lay there.


Although his face was flushed, unlike her, he showed no signs of fatigue at all.


'Beast…'


He was truly like a beast.


He was so aggressive that it was hard to handle at first.


Even a martial artist who had trained and cultivated martial arts would get tired after a few times and need time to recover, but this guy had none of that.


[We can do more, right?]


She lost count of how many times he had said that.


Wi So-yeon, who had been staring intently at Mok Gyeong-un, asked shyly.


"You… Is this really your first time?"


"I told you it was."


"Then why are you so…"


She couldn't seem to finish her sentence, trembling her lips, and buried her head deeper into Mok Gyeong-un's chest.


Asking this question was actually meaningless.


Because she was convinced that she was his first woman, as he had been rough at first but gradually became more delicate.


'…Woman.'


It was a truly strange feeling.


After becoming one with this guy, her heart was strangely drawn to him even more.


Should she say that her desire to rely on him had grown stronger?


Is this her as a woman?


'Strange. Really…'


When she thought she could die at any moment due to the curse of the Heavenly Yin Absolute Meridians, she had never felt such emotions or feelings before.


There was no one to rely on in the face of death.


But now, she felt that life or death wouldn't be so bad if she was with this man.


Does emotion shake even reason like this?


But then, Mok Gyeong-un suddenly sat up and said.


"I should get going for now."


"Going?"


"Yes."


"Stay a bit longer…"


"What?"


"No, never mind."


Wi So-yeon, who had tried to hold onto Mok Gyeong-un, stopped.


Although she was growing fonder of this man, she felt that if she revealed such emotions here, she would appear easy.


[When men are confident that they have you in their net, their attitude changes drastically. So, Young Lady, if you find a man you like, make sure to keep this in mind.]


[This?]


[Push and pull.]


[Push and pull?]


[You shouldn't appear too easy to a man.]


It was what Gi Ok-ryeon had always told her.


If she pushed and pulled appropriately, the man would have no choice but to be desperate for her.


But Gi Ok-ryeon herself couldn't follow her own advice whenever she was in front of Woo Ho-rang, the Grand Leader of Giant Watchtower Group.


"Do you have any clothes to wear?"


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un asked her.


She shook her head and replied.


"There are none here. If you want women's clothes, I can lend you mine."


"…Are you perhaps joking?"


"…"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Wi So-yeon turned her head away.


She had to be faithful to the push and pull, but it was becoming increasingly difficult with this man.


Rather, she wanted to tease him.


Does the heart naturally follow after giving one's body?


"Ahem. If you're looking for men's clothes that would fit you, there are some in the guest hall of the adjacent building."


"Thank you."


"Your way of speaking… When it's just the two of us, you can speak comfortably."


Wi So-yeon twisted her hair, feeling unnecessarily shy.


She felt it would be fine for this man to call her by her name.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly and said.


"I'm afraid that might be difficult."


"What?"


"I'm more comfortable with this way of speaking for now."


"You find that comfortable?"


"Yes. If a time comes when I can speak comfortably, I'll do so then."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Wi So-yeon couldn't hide her confusion.


Why was he doing this when they could speak comfortably when it was just the two of them?


Could it be that he was drawing a line?


She was about to feel a bit disappointed when Mok Gyeong-un embraced her, pulled her close, and let her rest her head on his shoulder.


"Since you've become my woman, I can expect a lot of help from you in the future, right?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's whispered words, Wi So-yeon's face flushed red.


This guy was playing with her heart.


Even though she knew that, why did it make her feel excited?


'No. I have to push and pull.'


Wi So-yeon shook her head from side to side, gently pushed Mok Gyeong-un away, and spoke coyly.


"Of course I'll help you since you saved my life. But whether I actively help you or not will be determined by what you do."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled.


Then, he calmly told her what he had in mind.


Upon hearing it, one of Wi So-yeon's eyebrows arched upward.


"You… Do you really want me to do that?"


"Yes. I hope you can do that for me."


"…"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Wi So-yeon's expression turned dissatisfied.


It wasn't difficult to grant his request, but she wasn't sure if it was the right thing to do.


So, Wi So-yeon asked.


"…Even if my subordinates agree, will Second Senior Brother be willing to accept it?"


"Don't worry about that."


"Don't worry?"


"Yes. That's a problem I'll go and solve now."


'!?'


Wi So-yeon frowned at Mok Gyeong-un's words.


His drive was really fast, but was this possible?


***


Night had fallen, and it was dark outside.


Mok Gyeong-un, who had left Wi So-yeon's residence, opened the pouch at his waist to check.


Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang's eyeball inside was safe.


Worried that the rampaging True Divine Yin Energy of the Heavenly Yin Absolute Meridians might freeze not only his clothes but also this and the spare wooden puppet, he had thrown them far away, but they were unexpectedly intact.


'Shall we go then?'


Mok Gyeong-un unleashed his lightness skill and flew.


Following the main road for about fifty zhang, Mok Gyeong-un noticed a gloomy-looking ancestral shrine building located in the eastern corner of the inner city.


It was a considerably large building, and Cheong-ryeong's energy, which had disappeared, could be felt there.


Entering inside, there was an altar, and on the wall, there was a tattered scroll and a well-preserved portrait next to it.


'This is?'


Surprisingly, the figure depicted in that portrait was,


'Cheong-ryeong?'


It was a portrait of Cheong-ryeong.


However, Cheong-ryeong's attire in this portrait was different from usual.


She was wearing a red ceremonial dress that a bride would wear and was even wearing makeup.


This made Mok Gyeong-un puzzled.


Why was such a portrait hanging on the altar of this ancestral shrine?


And why was the other scroll, which seemed to be another portrait, torn to shreds, making it impossible to recognize its form?


But then, a voice was heard.


-What are you staring at so intently? Mortal.


"Cheong-ryeong?"


Cheong-ryeong was seen leaning against one side of the altar.


Holding a long pipe and exhaling smoke, her face looked haggard for some reason.


Although she was conserving her spiritual power and not revealing her energy, she looked quite exhausted.


So, Mok Gyeong-un asked.


"What happened?"


-A more troublesome matter than I thought arose.


"A troublesome matter?"


-Yes.


"…Does it have to do with you disappearing without possessing her midway?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong sighed and said.


-Well, it's not unrelated since it happened because of that. But there seems to be a diviner of at least Pavilion Master level inside the inner city.


"Of course there would be diviners…"


-Yes. But he's no ordinary fellow.


At her warning, Mok Gyeong-un stroked his chin and said.


"Judging from Cheong-ryeong's words, he must be truly powerful."


-He commands two Imaemangnyang-level servant spirits.


"Hmm?"


At this, Mok Gyeong-un couldn't hide his surprise.


If they were Imaemangnyang-level, they would be highly ranked evil spirits equivalent to the third grade.


However, he had heard that even diviners had difficulty controlling evil spirits above the level of monstrous beasts, so if he could command two of them as servant spirit, he must be a diviner with no ordinary curse power.


"Did you fight him?"


-If I had fought, do you think it would have simply ended?


"I suppose you're right."


With two Imaemangnyang, even Cheong-ryeong would have had difficulty facing them without properly unleashing her spiritual power.


She had desperately escaped using the minimum amount of power.


After almost an hour and a half of playing hide-and-seek, she was able to evade them.


Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue and said.


-By the way, mortal, why are you so late? You're someone who didn't take long to absorb death energy, so what's so difficult…


"I had to find another way since possession didn't work."


-What? Ah… Right. That's what happened.


Preoccupied with shaking off the diviner and the two evil spirits, she suddenly recalled the reason why the possession had failed.


She didn't know what that strange phenomenon was.


The body of that mortal wench who had tried to absorb her was too bizarre.


"Why didn't you possess her? Or was it not possible?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong replied as if she was in a difficult position.


-I don't know. Even I don't—.


"You don't know?"


-I felt like something would happen if I possessed the body of that mortal wench who resembled me.


"Something would happen?"


-It's hard to explain to you. That wench's body strongly pulled my spiritual body, and it was the first time I experienced such a phenomenon.


"…The body pulled the spiritual body?"


-Yes.


"Hmm."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un furrowed his brows.


Even as a diviner, he had gained some knowledge, but he had never heard of the phenomenon Cheong-ryeong described.


He would probably need to consult with diviner Jo Ui-gong or examine the various books related to exorcism techniques he possessed.


Then, Cheong-ryeong spoke.


-We're in a bind. Since possession failed.


"No. That's not it."


-Not it? But to control that mortal wench according to the plan…


"I think I can control her."


-Huh? What do you mean?


Even if it was in exchange for saving her life from the rampaging Heavenly Yin Absolute Meridians, controlling her might be difficult due to her status as the Society Leader's disciple and a candidate for the successor position.


To the puzzled Cheong-ryeong, Mok Gyeong-un nonchalantly said.


"I couldn't make her a subordinate, so I made her my woman."


-What? Your woman?


What the hell was he talking about?


How did he make her his woman? It was incomprehensible… Wait a minute…


-You can't mean…?


"Yes. We had sex."

 1

'!!!!!!'


At Mok Gyeong-un's blunt expression, Cheong-ryeong's face instantly stiffened.


She thought this guy was a stone-like fellow who had no interest in such relationships between men and women, but she never expected such words to come out of his mouth.


Although she had died and become a wandering soul, for some reason, it felt embarrassing.


But when Cheong-ryeong unconsciously imagined it, her face turned red, and her expression distorted.


'…Wait, that mortal wench resembles me.'

 1

***