Chapter 173: Three Eyes (1)

Looking at the eyeball shrinking in agony, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled.


The guy who had exuded such tremendous power and triggered caution when he had a body was now powerless and couldn't do anything.


As expected, although it was somewhat of a gamble, the venture had succeeded.


If he hadn't dealt with the guy now, more troublesome things would have happened.


Anyway, he had found out the true nature of the guy's real body and neutralized his power, so should he crush it now?


-Squish!


'Aaargh!'


The eyeball, already suffering from the poison, hastily revealed its voice when Mok Gyeong-un pressed it, feeling its life was in danger.


-S-Stop!


"Oh? It can speak?"


Yeo Su-rin looked at the eyeball with wide eyes.


On the other hand, Mok Gyeong-un, without showing any surprise, lifted the eyeball to face his own eyes.


Then, he smiled brightly and said, "So you can talk."


-Kuugh, this bastard…


"You're not coming to your senses."


-Squish!


Mok Gyeong-un applied more force to his fingers.


Then, the eyeball desperately shouted at Mok Gyeong-un.


-S-Stop!


"Stop what? Just die like this."


-Splat!


As Mok Gyeong-un applied more force, black blood spurted out from various parts of the eyeball.


Then, the eyeball's attitude changed drastically.


-Please spare me.


"What?"


-…Spare me! I'll do anything you want, so please let me live.


"Heh."


Seeing the eyeball turn cowardly, Yeo Su-rin raised the corners of her mouth and showed interest.


Considering that the eyeball itself possessed a will, it was undoubtedly a monster.


To think that demonic energy had infused into an eyeball, a mere part of the human body, and given it self-will.


It was a new fact that had not been known to the diviner community.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un said, "What can you do in that state?"


-Tell me what you want. I'll do anything. If you desire gold, silver, and treasures, I'll fill the storage to the brim. If you want power, I'll use my influence to make you an executive of the Heaven and Earth Society. Or if you desire strength, I'll obtain any martial art or spiritual medicine you want.


The eyeball stated everything it could do.


If it could just overcome this crisis, opportunities would arise at any time.


There was no need to consider it cowardly.


In the first place, self-esteem was just an unnecessary emotion that humans possessed.


-Please just spare my life. After granting your wish, I'll go far away and never get involved with you again.


"You're making quite tempting offers."


-Just spare me. I'll keep my promise.


"How did you do that earlier?"


-What are you talking about?


"You stopped all senses and movements except for consciousness, as if time had stopped."


-What?


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, the eyeball couldn't hide its bewilderment.


That was because when performing the Time-Space All Deception Technique, a supreme forbidden technique, the only one who could have a flow within that space was the caster.


For all living beings except the caster, time and space itself would come to a halt.


'Who the hell is this bastard?'


It didn't make sense.


He had consciousness within the Time-Space All Deception Technique?


This was a technique of the supreme forbidden arts that was prohibited even in ancient times when the celestial realm was said to be open.

 1

Although there were several restrictions, no one could possess consciousness within it.


To have consciousness in that state…


-…Could it be that you're not a living being?


"Asking a rude question to someone who's breathing just fine."


-No, how can a living human…?


"Enough with the nonsense. How do you perform that technique?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, the eyeball remained silent for a moment.


Whatever the case, the important thing right now was to somehow please this bastard and survive.


-Are you referring to the Time-Space All Deception Technique?


"Oh, so that's the name of the technique?"


-…Yes.


"I'd like to learn that technique."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Yeo Su-rin, who had been watching, interjected.


"What technique?"


"Ah, there's something like that."


As Mok Gyeong-un waved his hand lightly as if telling her to ignore it, Yeo Su-rin approached and linked arms with him, saying, "Hey, we've gone through life and death together, almost like comrades-in-arms. Teach me too."


-Squish!


Yeo Su-rin pulled Mok Gyeong-un's arm close to her ample bosom.


She knew.


Men were subtly weak to such temptations.


She had tried it a few times on her brothers and found it very effective.


However…


"What are you doing?"


"…"


What's this?


This wasn't the reaction she expected.


Usually, they would get shy or happy in this situation.


Does this person not like this kind of thing?


As she wondered, Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head and asked, "Are you trying to seduce me with your body?"


-Blush!


Instantly, her face turned red.


"No, w-what are you saying? Who's seducing with their body?! You're more mischievous than you look. Hmph!"


Yeo Su-rin unlinked her arm and stepped away from Mok Gyeong-un.


It was truly embarrassing.


She had seen many men, but this was the first time she had seen someone say such things so nonchalantly with a dry face and eyes.


She was feeling more embarrassed herself.


As she moved away, Mok Gyeong-un asked the eyeball again, "It would be even better if there's a book that compiles that technique."


-There's no such book.


"There isn't?"


-The Time-Space All Deception Technique is a supreme forbidden technique consisting of 63,850,987 pictograms. It can't be learned in a short period.


"Pictograms?"


-Yes. It's written in a script before Chinese characters, and it takes several years just to familiarize yourself with and memorize it.


"Several years… It's quite long."


-It takes a considerable amount of time just to transcribe it. If you really want, I can do it if you provide me with a new body. It's just that it will take that much time.


At the eyeball's words, Mok Gyeong-un clicked his tongue.


Memorizing wasn't a problem.


However, if it took that long to transcribe, it was essentially a technique he couldn't learn right away.


Moreover, whatever the case, he couldn't give this eyeball a body.


"You're not trying to deceive me, are you?"


-I swear on my existence. This is absolutely not a lie.


"An oath, huh? Well then, do you have any other useful techniques?"


-Apart from the pavilion master's room, I have my own private office. There are three books sealed with the Eight Trigrams Technique. I've recorded the sorcery, techniques, and so on that I've collected over the years.


"Good."


-If there's anything else you want, tell me. As long as you spare my life, however much…


Before the eyeball could finish speaking.


At that moment, a huge shadowy flap of wings appeared in the pavilion master's office where they were.


At the same time, the monster Toru appeared, its size reduced, scraping its front hooves on the floor with an angry expression.


'They're here quickly.'


The eyeball clicked its tongue inwardly.


If they had come a little earlier, this mess wouldn't have happened.


It was too late now.


If Mok Gyeong-un applied just a little more force with his hand, it would burst and die.


-Grooaar!


-Flap, flap!


The tremendous demonic energy of the two monsters overturning their surroundings made Yeo Su-rin take out a talisman and assume a combat stance.


"Tsk, I forgot about the beasts."


Mok Gyeong-un replied with an indifferent gaze, looking at the monsters blocking the left and right.


"Indeed."


"Hey, Eyeball! Quickly order them not to attack!"


'Eyeball? This wench, really…'


At her words, the eyeball's insides boiled, but it managed to endure and spoke.


-Toru, Heum-won, stop.


-Grrr! Grrr!


'!?'


But something was strange.


The eyeball had given an order to the two monsters that could be considered its familiars, but the atmosphere was unusual.


Toru, who was scraping the floor with its hooves, looked like it would charge at any moment.


"Hey, Eyeball. Are you sure you gave the order?"


-This is…


"Why are they acting like that?"


-They've gone out of control.


"What? What do you mean?"


-Damn it. This is why I shouldn't have split the subject.


The eyeball was just as perplexed by the situation.


That was because when it had made those two monsters its familiars, it had divided the subject of that bond between Cho Tae-cheong's soul and itself.


It was an experiment to split the command authority when using them as familiars, but it hadn't known there would be such side effects.


-Roooaar!


At that moment, Toru charged towards Mok Gyeong-un.


Toru was furious at Mok Gyeong-un, who had taken away one of its eyes.


As Toru fiercely rushed towards Mok Gyeong-un…


-Whoosh!


At that moment, Toru passed through the entrance of smoke that had appeared in the middle.


"Ah! It works!"


Yeo Su-rin had created the door.


-Kraaahhh! Thud!


The sound of falling and a loud noise echoed from beyond the door.


Unable to create a long-distance door of smoke without a medium, she had used her momentary wit to create an entrance in the air higher than the 4th floor.


As a result, the monster Toru had fallen straight down.


Having succeeded in this by chance, she let out a sigh of relief.


But at that very moment…


-Rooooar!


The fallen monster Toru let out a roar and then leaped towards the entrance with tremendous force.


Startled, she rotated her hand with the treasure in the opposite direction.


At that moment, Toru's horn and head popped out at an incredible speed.


"Uwah!"


However…


-Crack!


As the door of smoke closed, Toru's head got caught in the gap and was severed.


"Huh, what?"


What was going on?


She had never experienced getting caught in a door of smoke, so she was dumbfounded by this absurd result.


Having never caught a monster-level beast before, she couldn't tell if she should consider this skill or luck.


'Whatever.'


Anyway, wasn't it as if she had caught it?


With that, Yeo Su-rin became elated and shouted, turning her head, "Hey, I caught Toru…!?"


Suddenly, her eyes widened.


That was because Mok Gyeong-un was already standing on the body of the monster Heum-won, whose upper body was in the form of a giant bird and lower body was in the form of a hornet, grabbing one of its wings.


'Wow…'


Is that man really a monster?


How did he grab a monster-level beast with strength alone, without using any techniques?


The monster Heum-won was flapping its wings but couldn't shake off Mok Gyeong-un's hand.


'…'


She wasn't the only one surprised.


The eyeball was also dumbfounded as it looked at Mok Gyeong-un.


In some ways, Heum-won possessed a power that was even more troublesome than Toru.


Yet, before Heum-won could do anything, Mok Gyeong-un, who had moved at a tremendous speed, instantly stepped on its back and grabbed its wing.


'With this level of skill, he's much stronger than the average martial artists of the Heaven and Earth Society. Who the hell is this guy? I've never heard of this name before.'


Even ordinary martial artists couldn't handle a monster-level beast.


But this guy overpowered Heum-won instead.


This level of martial prowess was only possible for high-ranking executives within the Heaven and Earth Society, so its identity was unknown.


Meanwhile, Mok Gyeong-un, while holding the monster Heum-won, said to the eyeball, "I have a question."


-What is it?


"Why did you put that seal in the secret chamber of the Corpse Blood Valley?"


-Seal? What are you talking about?


"The scroll inside that wooden box."


-A scroll? I have no idea what you're talking about.


"…"


At the eyeball's answer, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed.


It doesn't know?


'Well, this is…'


Since it was called the Three Eyes, he had thought this eyeball had sealed that monstrous raccoon dog.


But the eyeball itself seemed to have no clue.


If that was the case…


'…It means it wasn't this guy.'


This was a completely unexpected result.