Chapter 177: Jang Neung-ak (1)

Yeo Su-rin's expression stiffened.


For a moment, she doubted her own ears.


'Becoming your woman?'


What on earth was he saying?


Yeo Su-rin asked, thinking it couldn't be.


"Hey… you know what? I'm asking because I think I might have misunderstood… What you just said, could it be?"


"Yes, if you become my woman, I might be able to trust you a little more, don't you think?"


'!?'


Yeo Su-rin looked at Mok Gyeong-un with dumbfounded eyes.


She thought there might be another way to prove trust, but this was a completely unexpected suggestion.


It wasn't just her who was dumbfounded by Mok Gyeong-un's words.


-Ha! Human, are you out of your mind?


-Pardon?


-If she's that troublesome, you should just kill her. What's all this about?


-Is there a problem?


-A problem? Of course there is. Are you attracted to that wench?


-No.


How could that be?


Mok Gyeong-un didn't feel any emotions towards Yeo Su-rin.


Cheong-ryeong also knew that Mok Gyeong-un had no particular feelings towards women, so the fact that he made such a suggestion was absurd.


-Ha! Then are you in heat?


-In heat?


-Yes, in heat. If not, why would you make such a suggestion? Do you think that's a way to build trust? You're just trying to satisfy your own sexual desires…


-I don't know what kind of emotion it is to want to satisfy it, but wouldn't it be good to develop a relationship, both feel good, and have her affection focused on me?


-…


Cheong-ryeong was not only dumbfounded but also at a loss for words at Mok Gyeong-un's confident words.


She wanted to refute him, but he stated his reasons so confidently that she didn't know what to say.


-So you're saying you'll sleep with that human wench?


-If she wants to.


-If she wants to?


-Yes, is there a better way to confirm trust than that?


-…Sigh.


Did he become overconfident after being intimate with Wi So-yeon?


Or does he believe that he can manipulate a woman's, no, a person's emotions just through a relationship?


Whatever it is, it's truly remarkable.


So she had to clearly tell him.


-You seem to have a serious misunderstanding, human.


-Misunderstanding?


-Yes. Although I've become a vengeful spirit, as a woman, let me make it clear. You're taking women too lightly.


-Taking them lightly?


-Yes!


-Hmm. You sound a bit agitated. Are you perhaps angry?


-No!


-Even though you said no, you seem to have put some force into it.


-I said no!


-…Well, I don't mind if that's the case, but I don't take women lightly. I just think there's nothing wrong with having a relationship when it comes to making emotions more solid…


-Slap!


At that moment, a slap flew at Mok Gyeong-un's cheek.


Of course, with this level of force, his head wouldn't turn at all.


-See that?


Cheong-ryeong chuckled mockingly.


She knew this would be the obvious result.


Mok Gyeong-un looked at Yeo Su-rin, who had slapped him, with a puzzled expression.


Unlike before, she seemed to exude a cold aura.


"What are you doing?"


"Listen, Master Mok. You talked about trust and all that, but do you think I'm some prostitute from the red-light district?"


"…That's not it?"


"Then how can you say such things?"


"What's wrong with it?"


"Ha! Why should I become your woman to build trust? Did you not know that you're quite lustful despite your looks? No, did you decide to have some fun because you have a decent face?"


"Fun?"


"Yes, otherwise how can you say such things so easily?"


"Hmm."


"Except for your face, you're not my type at all. And I have no desire to be intimate with someone whose neck will be broken and die at a young age."


"Is that so?"


"…"


At Mok Gyeong-un's dry response, Yeo Su-rin clicked her tongue inwardly.


This man seems really unusual.


Judging by the way he looks at her, it doesn't seem like he fell for her or feels sexual desire to make such a suggestion.


But then why did he make such an absurd suggestion?


Did he see her as someone easy?


"I'm really disappointed."


"Disappointed? In what?"


"You talked about trust and all that, but you're saying things that only horny pigs would say."

 1

"Horny… What is a male-female relationship in the first place?"


"What?"


"I'm asking what a male-female relationship is."


"What do you mean what? When they feel attraction and have feelings of love for each other…"


"Isn't it the case that humans are divided into male and female not only for physical structural differences but also for the purpose of reproduction of the species?"


"…"


For a moment, Yeo Su-rin was at a loss for words.


He asked what a male-female relationship was, but wasn't he being too fundamental?


Yeo Su-rin spoke with a flushed face, feeling annoyed.


"No, then what's the difference between humans and beasts?"


"In the first place, when it comes to male-female relationships or reproduction of the species, there's no difference between humans and beasts."


"Ugh, what kind of nonsense…"


"It's not nonsense."


"What?"


"Even beasts don't just reproduce for the sake of it. Females try to find a male with stronger seed, and males also try to find a more suitable female for reproduction."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Yeo Su-rin clicked her tongue.


This man's way of thinking seemed extremely one-dimensional.


Considering how he simplistically dismissed male-female relationships.


"Hey, do you even know what the feeling of love is?"


"Isn't it when two people find each other attractive, whether it's appearance or anything else?"


"That's…"


When she tried to answer, it wasn't wrong.


So Yeo Su-rin pondered what to say and spoke.


"Fine. Then let's go by what you said. Do you find me attractive?"


"As the opposite sex?"


"Yes!"


In response to her question, Mok Gyeong-un answered without any hesitation.


"Excluding everything else and considering you solely as the opposite sex, there's no reason not to find you attractive."


Yeo Su-rin had a cute and beautiful appearance with short hair.


With her ample breasts, slim waist, and protruding hips, her figure was also excellent.


Although Cheong-ryeong and Wi So-yeon were exceptionally beautiful, Yeo Su-rin was also undoubtedly a beauty.


"…"


At Mok Gyeong-un's answer, her expression became strange.


At first, she thought this man was playing with her.


But if she carefully considered what Mok Gyeong-un was saying, it was no different from saying that he found her attractive as the opposite sex, in other words, as a woman.


'No, is he really attracted to me?'


Yeo Su-rin looked into Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.


But she couldn't feel any particular emotion in Mok Gyeong-un's gaze.


How could he say such things so nonchalantly with that expression and eyes?


It was incomprehensible.


Meanwhile…


"Then it seems we've reached a conclusion. Let's part ways here."


"What?"


"If you don't like both options, there's no reason for us to do anything together. Then will you please leave this place?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's firm words, Yeo Su-rin's expression became sulky.


What kind of options were so extreme?


She had intended to properly rebuke him and end things, feeling that she was being taken lightly as a woman.


But when Mok Gyeong-un gave up so easily, she felt a strange sense of competitiveness instead.


What does it mean to say he finds her attractive as the opposite sex and then give up so easily?


"Isn't it too quick to reach a conclusion?"


"I'm busy with other things besides this."


"You said you find me attractive as the opposite sex. Shouldn't you be more proactive if that's the case?"


"Is there a need for that?"


"What?"


"And the one who should feel regretful is you, not me."


"Eek!"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Yeo Su-rin's cheeks trembled.


He was really toying with her.


If she followed what Mok Gyeong-un wanted right here, she would be no different from selling her body just to receive help.


So…


"Then let's do this."


"I won't accept any other proposals."


"Can't you listen first and then decide?"


"No such thing."


Mok Gyeong-un flatly refused.


So she stamped her feet and then calmed herself down and said, "No, you're really too much. Let's at least make a vow to each other using the Non-Movement Curse Power Weakening Technique."


"Non-Movement Curse Power Weakening Technique?"


"You know it, right?"


"I don't, but…"


"Ah… You don't know this?"


"What is it?"


"The Non-Movement Curse Power Weakening Technique is a technique where you pledge an oath by using each other's curse power as collateral."


"Using curse power as collateral?"


"Yes, you said you can't trust me. But I'm the same. How can I trust a man who tells me to offer my body for trust when we haven't even known each other for a day?"


"So?"


"It's literally what it means. The Non-Movement Curse Power Weakening Technique is a technique where you make an oath based on incantations and curse power. If you break each other's oath, you lose all your curse power."


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed.


There was no reason for him to take on such a risky constraint together with her.


However…


"The technique isn't that difficult. You just need to use your own name and curse power as the incantation."


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un, who was about to refuse, stopped.


Hearing about it, the principle seemed similar to the Chain of Incantation.


If that was the case…


"…Hmm. Not bad."


The corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth twitched.


If the principle was similar to the Chain of Incantation, he had nothing to lose.


After all, it wasn't his true name.


Yeo Su-rin, unaware of Mok Gyeong-un's inner thoughts, spoke with a slightly flushed face, as if embarrassed, without making eye contact.


"For now, let's prevent backstabbing each other for a certain period with the oath of the Non-Movement Curse Power Weakening Technique. And if we develop some trust in each other during that time, I'll consider that proposal. Ahem. Is this good enough?"


***


The residence of Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader.


On the bed in the reception room of the residence, a woman with thick lips was sitting up, saying something.


She was Seo Hye-in, the leader of the Grass Smoke Group, one of the Five Mountains Alliance, the loyal subordinates of Jang Neung-ak.


Sitting next to her and listening to the report was Jang Neung-ak, her lord.


Jang Neung-ak's expression wasn't good as he listened to her report.


Moreover, it wasn't just him. Ko Yeon-hu, the grand leader of the Hegemon Fist Group, the First Mountain, who was standing behind him, also had a frown on his face.


The reason was simple.


"Are you sure you saw it correctly?"


"Yes, young master. Do you think I would dare to report falsely to you?"


"Ha!"


At her words, Jang Neung-ak was dumbfounded.


Then he asked Ko Yeon-hu behind him, "What do you think?"


"…I don't know."


"You don't know?"


"The first time I saw him was inside the Baek Clan's estate. At that time, he seemed to be at the level of early-stage of Transcendent Realm at best."


"Early-stage Transcendent Realm… No. Absolutely not."


Jang Neung-ak shook his head.


He had already witnessed Mok Gyeong-un's true abilities there.


Although he hadn't reached the realm of the Poison Master, he had endured even the poison of the Poison King Baek Sa-ha.


Perhaps because of that, Baek Sa-ha had taken a liking to him and accepted him as a disciple.


But this was indeed surprising.


"That guy defeated Woo Ho-rang? Hah."


Who was Woo Ho-rang?


Wasn't he one of the Five Tigers, the best late-stage disciples that the Heaven and Earth Society was proud of?


Even Ko Yeon-hu, his right-hand man, couldn't gauge the outcome of a battle against him, but he had defeated him with his skills?


If this was true, it was truly astounding.


"Hehehe."


But more than surprise, he felt joy.


Even without this, when Seo Hye-in had been brought unconscious by the Baek Clan's warriors, he had thought something was wrong.


But now they said Mok Gyeong-un had defeated Woo Ho-rang.


That meant he had fallen out with his junior sister, Wi So-yeon.


"What a likable fellow. To prove his loyalty to this young master in this way. Hahahahaha!"


He couldn't help but laugh.


Meanwhile, Seo Hye-in spoke in a cautious voice, "But young master, there's a slight problem."


"A problem?"


"Yes."


"Ah, right. Who knocked you unconscious?"


He had already asked the Baek Clan's warrior who had brought her here, but they said they couldn't tell him under the order of the Poison King Baek Sa-ha, the head of the family.


He had considered beating them up to find out, but he needed Baek Sa-ha's support at this point, and he could just ask Seo Hye-in when she woke up, so he had let them go.


"That's…"


"Don't tell me you don't know who knocked you out?"


"No, I have a guess."


"A guess? You're not saying you don't even know who knocked you unconscious, are you?"


"…I think it was probably the Eldest Young Master."


"What?"


At her report, Jang Neung-ak's expression, which had been as if he had the whole world in his hands until just now, instantly hardened.


"Senior Brother?"


"…Yes."


"How could that be? Senior Brother made a move?"


Jang Neung-ak denied it with trembling eyes.


He clearly remembered the last words his eldest brother had said to him.


[Try your best to struggle. If you can, that is.]


He didn't even consider him a competitor.


He had thought it was just words, but during that time, his eldest brother had almost neglected and didn't even interfere with him gathering his forces.


But now he suddenly made a move?


This was unbelievable.


However…


"It was too bland, so I was thinking of giving one or two to the disciples, but it seems too much of a waste."


"What?"


"Those were the last words I heard before being struck on acupoints."


At Seo Hye-in's words, Jang Neung-ak gritted his teeth with a flushed face.


If these words were true, it meant that bastard had caught the Senior Brother's attention, didn't it?


-Bang!


Jang Neung-ak hit the armrest of the chair and stood up.


"No way."


Anyone else was fine, but not Mok Gyeong-un.


Right now, that guy was in the most important position.


Not only was he the joint disciple of the Poison King Baek Sa-ha, who had recently reached the Transformation Realm, but also of the leader of the Secret Information Group, the Shadow Clan.


If he took in Mok Gyeong-un, he would secure a force comparable to his eldest brother's at once.


But all of a sudden, at this crucial moment, he interfered?


-Grit!


It seemed his eldest brother didn't treat him as a competitor after all.


He had been watching all along.


To crush him like this at a critical moment.


"Let's go."


"Excuse me?"


"Young Lady Seo, rest. The rest of you, follow this young master."


At his order, Ko Yeon-hu, the grand leader of the First Mountain Hegemon Fist Group, hurriedly said, "My lord, you're not planning to meet the Eldest Young Master, are you?"


"…I am."


At those words, Ko Yeon-hu couldn't hide his concern.


No matter how angry he was about this incident, the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang was a truly dangerous person.


Although his lord Jang Neung-ak also had a tendency to be somewhat swayed by emotions, Na Yul-ryang transcended that realm and didn't even feel like a person.


If he met him with his emotions ahead…


'It's too dangerous. I need to dissuade my lord.'


-Tap tap tap tap!


At that moment, the sound of someone running was heard from outside.


Then they knocked on the door. "My lord. It's me, Jeo Mo-pal." The one knocking on the door was none other than Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountain, and leader of Geo-am Fist.


Jang Neung-ak, who was about to go out anyway, roughly opened the door.


-Bam!


"What is it?"


"Well…"


"Well what?"


"Mok Gyeong-un has come to see you."


'!?'