Chapter 179: Jang Neung-ak (3)

In an instant, the banquet area in the garden of the reception hall was filled with silence.


It was because a scene unfolded before their eyes that was completely different from what they had expected, no, something they couldn't even have imagined.


'How could this be?'


One of the men on the lower seats was dumbfounded.


He was Wi Maeng-cheon, the Second Mountain, who was possessing a man named Jong-im, who had become Mok Gyeong-un's subordinate.


Wi Maeng-cheon knew Ko Yeon-hu's martial prowess better than anyone else.


After all, he had directly sparred with him.


But this was more than just a shock.


He had fought against Mok Gyeong-un just a day ago, so he was convinced that with his skills, he couldn't defeat Ko Yeon-hu, one of the Five Tigers.


'What on earth is going on?'


It had only been a day, so how had his martial prowess risen so much?


No, this was a development that couldn't be understood rationally.


Ko Yeon-hu wasn't someone who would be defeated like this in a single move.


'…What the hell is this?'


He wasn't the only one surprised.


The guard Go Chan, who was possessing Ha Chae-rin's body, also tried his best not to show it, but he couldn't hide his inner shock at this outcome.


It was incomparable to what he had seen on the street not long ago.


'Is that guy really a monster?'


How could he have become this strong in such a short time?


It was completely incomprehensible.


Then, he heard a clicking sound next to him.


'!?'


It was Ho Jong-hyeok, the grand leader of the Third Mountain Destruction Clan, who had his hand around his waist and was tilting a wine cup.

 1

Ho Jong-hyeok clicked his tongue while looking at this scene and muttered, "Oh my. An unexpected hidden card."


He seemed surprised too, but strangely, there was a subtle sense of rivalry in his expression.


What was this reaction?


Meanwhile…


"Kuugh!"


At that moment, Ko Yeon-hu, whose face had been buried in the floor, slammed his hands on the ground, trying to use the rebound to lift his body.


However…


-Bam!


Mok Gyeong-un pressed his head down again, burying his face in the floor.


The trembling of Ko Yeon-hu's body, which had been shaking its head, soon ceased.


It seemed he had lost consciousness.


At the sight of him, the banquet area, which had been engulfed in silence, soon became abuzz.


Mok Gyeong-un removed his hand from Ko Yeon-hu's head, straightened his waist, and looked at Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader.


The way Jang Neung-ak looked at Mok Gyeong-un changed.


Until now, it had been merely like looking at a tempting fruit, but now, wariness appeared in his eyes.


'…This guy. His martial prowess has further developed?'


Ko Yeon-hu's martial prowess was not inferior to Woo Ho-rang, who was also called one of the Five Tigers.


No, in some ways, Jang Neung-ak considered him to be a step above.


But he had knocked him down in a single move?


Jang Neung-ak opened his mouth.


"You… You're close to the pinnacle."


-Murmur murmur!


'Pinnacle?'


'Did he just say pinnacle?'


At his words, the martial artists on the lower seats were abuzz.


The pinnacle of the Transcendent Realm.


It was the martial prowess of the executive level, surpassing the Five Tigers, who were called the best late-stage disciples.


Among the executives who held the positions of the Four Valley Masters, Three Clan Masters, and Five Kings, there was no one who wasn't close to or had reached the pinnacle of the Transcendent Realm.


Each of them was equivalent to the leader of a small to medium-sized sect or the top master of a major sect in the righteous martial world.


So Jeo Mo-pal spoke in disbelief.


"Pinnacle, you say? My lord, no matter what…"


"Jeo Mo-pal."


"Brother Ho?"


"Haven't you noticed yet?"


"Noticed what?"


"That guy has no injuries at all."


"Injuries?"


At those words, Jeo Mo-pal's eyes trembled.


He hadn't been aware of it, but there were no visible injuries on Mok Gyeong-un.


He had heard that it was a quite fierce confrontation with Seo Hye-in, the Grass Smoke Group Leader, but there wasn't the slightest injury on Mok Gyeong-un's exposed areas.


"…He was more of a monster than he looked. Not a single injury against that Woo Ho-rang?"


At Jeo Mo-pal's words, Seo Hye-in spoke in a grave voice.


"What are you saying when Ko Danju was knocked down in a single move right before your eyes?"


"…"


-Swish!


Before they knew it, the martial artists on the lower seats, as well as Seo Hye-in of the Five Mountains Alliance and Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountains and Geo-am Fist, had drawn their true energy and assumed a battle stance.


From the moment he knocked down Ko Yeon-hu in a single move, that guy had surpassed the level of a late-stage disciple.


He already possessed martial prowess close to that of an executive.


The only ones who could face him one-on-one here were their lord Jang Neung-ak, who had been taught by the Society Leader, and…


The gazes of Seo Hye-in and Jeo Mo-pal on the upper seats turned towards an unexpected person.


It was none other than Ho Jong-hyeok, the grand leader of the Third Mountain Destruction Clan.


Why were they looking at him like this?


Ko Yeon-hu, known as one of the Five Tigers and the strongest among the loyal subordinates as the First Mountain, was defeated in a single move, so why were they sending such gazes?


At that moment…


"What's with those looks?"


Ho Jong-hyeok spoke in an annoyed tone and downed his wine cup.


Meanwhile, Jang Neung-ak opened his mouth.


"Ho Jong-hyeok."


"Yes, my lord."


"I didn't expect to reveal the hidden card in a place like this."


At Jang Neung-ak's words, the gaze of Ho Jong-hyeok, who had been acting indifferent, changed.


It became heavier and sharper, so to speak.


Jang Neung-ak said to him, "Can you handle him?"


"I can manage somehow, but I can't guarantee victory. Considering his movements just now."


"Then I'll have Jeo Mo-pal assist you. Subdue him and make him kneel."


"You're really putting me in a difficult position. Are you sure about this?"


"It's this young master's estate anyway. It doesn't matter if they see."


"…Understood. I accept your order."


With those words, Ho Jong-hyeok smiled at Go Chan, who was possessing Ha Chae-rin next to him, and said, "Wait here for a moment. I'll be back soon."


'Kuaaaah!'


At his words, Go Chan inwardly screamed.


Even though he urged himself in his mind to fulfill his role, the words this guy carelessly threw out went beyond being a burden.


As Ho Jong-hyeok was about to grasp the handle of the huge ax placed behind him…


"Why don't we stop this unnecessary fight?"


Mok Gyeong-un spoke to Jang Neung-ak.


Then Jang Neung-ak scoffed.


"You refused the offer of loyalty, said you came to play tricks with your own mouth, and now you're telling us not to engage in an unnecessary fight… Do you take this young master as a joke?"


"How could that be? I simply came to make a necessary proposal to you, Young Master."


"Shut up!"


Before he could even finish, Jang Neung-ak's rebuke spread in all directions.


Perhaps because it was infused with internal energy, the martial artists on the lower seats covered their ears in unison at the echoing shout.


Of course, Mok Gyeong-un's expression didn't change at all.


Jang Neung-ak pressed Mok Gyeong-un.


"I don't know what tricks you're trying to pull after joining hands with my eldest brother, but from the moment you let go of this young master's hand, you're an enemy."


"Aren't you defining it too easily?"


"Defining? Don't make me laugh. Did you think this young master wouldn't know that you made contact with my eldest brother?"


"Yes, I did make contact."


"Right. Then you can't deny it any…"


"Thanks to that, I've become troubled because I've made Young Master Na Yul-ryang my enemy."


"What?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jang Neung-ak's expression momentarily stiffened.


He had naturally assumed that Mok Gyeong-un had joined hands with his eldest brother Na Yul-ryang since he had defeated Woo Ho-rang, a subordinate of his junior sister Wi So-yeon, and even knocked down his right-hand man, the First Mountain Ko Yeon-hu, in a single move.


But what was this about?


"You've made my eldest brother your enemy?"


"Yes."


Jang Neung-ak, with narrowed eyes, frowned and said, "Are you trying to deceive this young master by telling lies now?"


"How could that be? Young Master Na Yul-ryang is probably anxious because he couldn't kill me."


"He's anxious because he couldn't kill you?"


"Yes."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jang Neung-ak snorted.


This guy was playing tricks on him.


What kind of person was his eldest brother?


He was a cold-blooded person who didn't even consider most of the people around him as human beings.


Even his own disciples, including himself, were not acknowledged by him.


Such an inhuman eldest brother considered a mere guy like him as an enemy?


"Foolish fellow."


"…"


"You don't know Na Yul-ryang. Are you telling this young master to believe such nonsense that he would consider you as an enemy? It would be more realistic if you said he considers you a worm."


-Swish!


With those words, Jang Neung-ak nodded his head towards the Third Mountain Ho Jong-hyeok.


"Phew."


Then Ho Jong-hyeok let out a soft breath, grasped the huge axe, and descended from the hall.


Seeing the axe, Mok Gyeong-un recalled who he was from the conversation with the Shadow Clan.


[Ohoho. There's one particularly troublesome person among Jang Neung-ak's loyal subordinates.]


[Who is it?]


[The grand leader of the Destruction Clan, Ho Jong-hyeok.]


[Ho Jong-hyeok?]


[Yes. I heard he holds the position of the Third Mountain in the Five Mountains Alliance.]


[The Third Mountain means he's the third in rank.]


[That's the displayed rank.]


[Displayed rank?]


[Of course, his actual martial prowess may not match that of Ko Yeon-hu, the First Mountain, or Wi Maeng-cheon, the Second Mountain. But considering his father's prestige, his position is incomprehensible.]


[Who is his father to make you say that?]


[The Axe King, Ho Tae-gang.]


[The Axe King? Is he one of the Five Kings?]


The Five Kings.


They were the top executives supporting the Heaven and Earth Society.


But that wasn't the end of it.


[He's not just one of the Five Kings. He is one of the eight masters known to have reached the highest realm in the current martial world.]


[Could it be…]


[Yes, he's one of the Eight Stars.]


The huge ax that looked like it could split a person in half was probably the Annihilation Ax, known to have been crafted for the Axe King Ho Tae-gang to unleash his unique martial art, the Heavenly Axe Technique.


'The son who received the teachings of one of the Eight Stars…'


A small interest arose in Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.


The Eight Stars were called the highest masters in the current martial world, excluding the Six Heavens.


It would be stranger if he had no interest at all.


-Rumble rumble!


The muscles on the right arm of the Third Mountain Ho Jong-hyeok, who was dragging the ax on the floor as he walked, were extremely bulky.


They must have developed to handle that huge Annihilation Ax with ease.


Anticipation gleamed in the eyes of Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountains and Geo-am Fist, who was following behind to assist him.


'Will I get to see Brother Ho's true skills?'


There was a secret in the Oakhoe.


It was a secret known only to the members of the Five Mountains Alliance and their lord Jang Neung-ak.


Even the martial artists on the lower seats didn't know about it.


It was the existence of the true First Mountain.


'The True First Mountain. The hidden blade of our lord.'


Anyone would think that Ko Yeon-hu, one of the Five Tigers who were called the best late-stage disciples, was the strongest in the Oakhoe, but the reality was different.


The true strongest expert of the alliance was none other than Ho Jong-hyeok.


His true martial prowess had reached the pinnacle of the Transcendent Realm.


-Whoosh!


Ho Jong-hyeok lifted the huge ax, the Annihilation Ax, which he had been dragging on the floor, and lightly swung it in the air.


It was just a light swing, but a strong wind pressure arose, and a sharp aura spread in all directions.


'As expected, he's incredible.'


If this much could be done with just the wind pressure, it seemed like something truly amazing would happen if he fully unleashed his martial prowess.


Ho Jong-hyeok approached Mok Gyeong-un and said, "Hey. Don't resent us too much for ganging up on you. It's not a duel but an order to subdue you."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged his shoulders as if he didn't care.


Then he took something out from his waist.


It was a small pouch attached to his belt.


"What are you trying to do?"


Ho Jong-hyeok asked.


In response, Mok Gyeong-un didn't answer and said while looking at Jang Neung-ak in the hall.


"If you see this, your thoughts might change a bit."


With those words, Mok Gyeong-un threw the pouch to Jang Neung-ak in the hall.


"Where are you…!"


-Pak!


Seo Hye-in of the Five Mountains Alliance caught it instead, thinking he might try to pull some tricks.


But the pouch was lighter than expected.


She thought it might contain a hidden weapon or something, but it didn't seem to be the case.


"Young Master, this is…"


"Don't mind useless things. Hurry up and subdue him."


Jang Neung-ak gave the order to Ho Jong-hyeok and Jeo Mo-pal as if he had no interest in it at all.


As soon as he did, Ho Jong-hyeok moved his body towards Mok Gyeong-un and swung the huge ax, the Annihilation Ax, towards his neck.


-Whoosh! Swish! Crack!


As the Annihilation Ax sliced through the air, the banquet tables were split by the wind pressure and aura.


Thanks to that, the martial artists on the lower seats who were watching had to step back as the tables were split.


Jang Neung-ak looked at this and raised the corners of his mouth bitterly.


With Ho Jong-hyeok, who had reached the pinnacle of the Transcendent Realm, and Jeo Mo-pal assisting him, there wouldn't be much difficulty in subduing that guy.


'How dare you ridicule this young master?'


Let's see if he can still say such things even after peeling off his skin.


At that moment…


"Yo… Young Master?"


Seo Hye-in of the Five Mountains Alliance called out to Jang Neung-ak.


Jang Neung-ak, who was focused on their confrontation, replied in an annoyed tone, "Tell me later."


"I, I apologize, but I think you need to see this before that."


"Didn't I tell you to talk later?"


"Young Master!"


"Right now, this young master's words are being igno… !?"


The expression of Jang Neung-ak, who was about to press Seo Hye-in, suddenly stiffened.


It was because of something held in her hand.


It was none other than an eyeball.


The moment he saw the eyeball with a silver color instead of a black pupil, someone's image quickly flashed through Jang Neung-ak's mind.


It was the image of his eldest brother, Na Yul-ryang.


[As expected of the Thunderbolt Fist King. To think you would make this young master use even this.]


Na Yul-ryang's voice and appearance were still vivid.


During the sparring with the Thunderbolt Fist King Won Byeong-hak, suddenly the pupil of his right eye had turned silver.


After that, the dynamics of the match had clearly changed.


In an instant, Jang Neung-ak's eyes trembled as he recalled this.


This eyeball was too familiar.


'Could it be?'


This was…


At that very moment…


-Kwang! Clang!


At the sound of continuous crashing noises, Jang Neung-ak's gaze shifted to the side.


'!?'


There, he saw Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountains lying face down on the floor with Mok Gyeong-un's foot stepping on his head, and Ho Jong-hyeok, with one side of his ax blade broken, staggering and being pushed back.


All of this had happened in the brief moment he had taken his eyes off them.

 1