Chapter 181: Jang Neung-ak (5)

"This isn't a suggestion, I'm telling you to do it this way."


'!!!!!!'


In an instant, everyone's expression hardened.


Just a moment ago, the situation seemed to be progressing smoothly.


However, everything changed in a split second.


'What the hell is this guy doing?'


'What is he saying…?'


Not only Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Society Leader, but also his loyal subordinates felt the same way.


For a moment, they thought they might have 'misheard him'.


But upon seeing the smile full of malice on Mok Gyeong-un's face, they realized their ears weren't mistaken.


Though it lasted only a split second, they had never felt a silence this long before.


If anyone else had said those words, someone would have drawn their sword or blade and sliced off their head right there and then.


But coincidentally, the opponent was a master who had crossed the wall into the Transformation Realm.


Realizing that,


Drip drip!


Some of them were so extremely tense that they broke out in a cold sweat.


How should they take this situation?


No, what should they say?


Amidst the confusing situation, the one to break the silence was Jeo Mo-pal, the Fifth Mountain of the Five Mountains Alliance.


"You bastard!!!!"


His voice and eyes were filled with rage.


While everyone was contemplating the situation itself, Jeo Mo-pal, who felt anger only at the fact that his lord had been insulted, was able to show a more straightforward attitude compared to the others.


'Ah!'


At the sound of his resounding voice, everyone came to their senses in an instant.


Paying no attention to them, Jeo Mo-pal shouted,


"Unless you're insane, how dare you threaten our lord like that?!"


His yell was so loud that it was deafening.


Mok Gyeong-un smiled and said in a low voice,


"I can see you're angry, but please lower your voice a bit. It's hurting my ears."


"What? Lower my voice? You bastard…"


"I'll warn you one last time for the young master's sake. Lower your voice."


"I'm going to ki…"


Gasp!


Suddenly, Jeo Mo-pal couldn't continue speaking.


'This… This is…'


His cheeks even trembled.


It was because of the killing intent he felt the moment his eyes met Mok Gyeong-un's.


Though it lasted only an instant, the image of Mok Gyeong-un slicing his neck flashed through Jeo Mo-pal's mind.


Swish!


'...'


Imagining this, he found it difficult to open his mouth.


Seeing Jeo Mo-pal like this, Ho Jong-hyeok, the First Mountain, clicked his tongue inwardly.


He had heard from his father that once one reaches the Transformation Realm and becomes a true grandmaster, they can control their energy more precisely and pressure a specific opponent with killing intent.


It seemed Mok Gyeong-un had pressured Jeo Mo-pal with his killing intent.


'This has gotten tricky.'


No matter how much one has reached the Transformation Realm, he didn't expect him to act this way.


Their own liege was the Society Leader of the Heaven and Earth Society and one of the Six Heavens, considered the pinnacle of the Central Plains martial world.


There were few within the organization who could do such a brazen thing to such a man.


Only those who had the status and qualifications were able do so.


However, Mok Gyeong-un was not one of them.


'Is he relying solely on his martial prowess to do this?'


If that's the case, it's a miscalculation.


It wasn't because his own lord feared his martial prowess that he showed courtesy to the guy.


His lord simply…


"Mok Gyeong-un… You really take this young master lightly."


At that moment, Jang Neung-ak spoke.


Seeing him like that, the expressions of his loyal subordinates grew serious.


His icy cold gaze.


His heavily subdued tone showed how furious their lord was at this moment.


When Jang Neung-ak is truly angry, he doesn't flare up like a fire.


Rather, he becomes even more cold-hearted.


And that cold-heartedness brings deep insight.


"Take you lightly? I'm merely presenting a condition that can benefit both the young master and the young lady."


"Benefiting both of us? Cut the bullshit."


"Bullshit, you say?"


"For two forces to merge into one, someone has to bow their head and enter below the other. But do you think that's possible with your pathetic threats?"


"It's possible, that's why I'm telling you to do it that way."


"Telling me? You're being quite presumptuous."


"How unexpected."


Interest flashed in Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.


He had considered Jang Neung-ak's capacity to be quite shallow and small, but he was saying everything he wanted to say even in this situation.


That meant he wasn't afraid of him.


Even though he should have already confirmed the gap in their power.


"Unexpected? That's what this young master wants to say. Are you not afraid?"


"Not afraid, you say?"


"Who do you think you're trying to threaten right now?"


"Threaten… You really don't feel like a threat to me…"


"I told you to cut the nonsense. Have you completely lost your mind, trying to interfere in the successor battle and arbitrarily shake things up?"


At these words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes narrowed.


"You're being tougher than I expected."


"Tough? That's what this young master should be saying. Do you believe in your petty martial arts so much that you dare to interfere with the successor battle and arbitrarily stir things up?"


"Hmm. Why are you thinking so complexly about it?"


Mok Gyeong-un asked in an intrigued tone.


Then Jang Neung-ak opened his mouth while pouring wine into his cup.


"I can guess two possibilities."


"Two possibilities?"


"The first would be based on the premise that you've joined hands with Wi So-yeon."


"…Why do you think that?"


"It's simple. Even with the power of Shadow Clan and Baek Clan added to junior sister, it's still not enough; for both of you to face off against the eldest senior brother and this young master."


At Jang Neung-ak's words, Mok Gyeong-un smiled faintly.


He thought his vision would be quite clouded due to his arrogance, but that didn't seem to be entirely the case.


Mok Gyeong-un shrugged and said,


"There's some truth to that. But from my perspective, for the two of you to face the Eldest Young Master, I'd prefer if you and the Young Lady joined forces regardless of who comes out on top."


"Regardless of who comes out on top?"


"Yes. I don't really care which of you two becomes the successor, you see. As long as you unite your forces, that's all that matters to me."


"..."


At these words from Mok Gyeong-un, Jang Neung-ak's eyes grew even more vicious.


Then he soon parted his lips.


"I thought it was the first possibility, but it seems to be the second one."


"Hmm. And what might that second one be?"


"You don't care who becomes the successor? Ha! The answer is clear now."


"..."


"Your goal is to stir up internal strife, isn't it?"


"My lord?"


At Jang Neung-ak's words, his subordinates' eyes widened.


Seeing their reaction, Jang Neung-ak glared at Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"I nearly forgot because I was thinking about the Shadow Clan and the King of Poison. You were originally a hostage from the righteous faction."


'Ah!'


At this, everyone showed caution.


The orthodox martial world was eagerly waiting for an opportunity to dismantle the Heaven and Earth Society.


For them, there was nothing better than the successor battle to incite internal conflict.


If Mok Gyeong-un hadn't truly surrendered and still held a mission as a member of the righteous faction, there was a good possibility for this suspicion.


Gulp!


Jang Neung-ak downed his cup of alcohol and said,


"Tell me if my guess is wrong."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un scratched his head and replied,


"Your mind is sharper than I expected."


"You're also…"


"But you're mistaken."


'!?'


At that, Jang Neung-ak furrowed his brows.


Then he retorted,


"Mistaken, you say?"


"Yes. Things can seem that way if you overthink it. But I'm sorry to disappoint you, I truly have no connection to the righteous faction."


"You expect me to believe that now?"


"Believe it or not, that's up to you. I simply wish for the two of you to join forces. That way, we can avoid the annoying business with the Eldest Young Master."


"..."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, suspicion flashed in Jang Neung-ak's eyes.


The guy was in an advantageous position, so he directly stated what he had guessed in order to gauge his true intentions.


But he's really saying it's not like that?


Well, who knows.


An agent trying to disrupt the sect on behalf of the righteous faction wouldn't admit to being a spy, after all.


As he was thinking that, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"It seems persuasion through words is meaningless."


Bam!


As soon as he finished speaking, Jang Neung-ak's subordinates – Ho Jong-hyeok, Seo Hye-in, and Jeo Mo-pal of the Five Mountains Alliance – drew upon their energy and took defensive stances.


Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and said,


"You should know that you can't stop me even if you do that."


"Are you really trying to threaten this young master?"


"Yes, I suppose it is a threat if you put it that way."


Bam!


"You fucking bastard…"


Bam!


Jeo Mo-pal tried to stand up from his seat, but ended up slamming his head on the table.


Mok Gyeong-un had appeared behind him in the blink of an eye and was pressing down on his head.


Seeing this happen in the flash of an eye, Ho Jong-hyeok judged that they absolutely could not stop Mok Gyeong-un within this distance.


"My lord…"


"I know."


Seeing them like that, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"Will you accept it?"


At those words, Jang Neung-ak snorted and replied,


"Do you have the confidence to handle the consequences of doing this?"


"That's not something you need to worry about."


"Right. I suppose so. But you'll have to deal with the consequences of that threat."


"Deal with the consequences?"


"Do you think this young master would let you get close without any preparations, even if I acknowledge your martial prowess?"


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head and asked,


"It seems you have some hidden trump card?"


To that question, Jang Neung-ak smiled meaningfully and said,


"Do you really think there's absolutely no one among the forces supporting this young master who can deal with you?"


"Someone who can deal with me? Don't tell me?"


Mok Gyeong-un's expression hardened.


It was because he understood what Jang Neung-ak was implying.


Looking at Mok Gyeong-un like this, the corners of Jang Neung-ak's mouth curved up wickedly.


***


Just half a moment ago,


Jang Neung-ak had given an order to the martial artists on the terrace.


[You all withdraw for now.]


[But my lord?]


[I told you to withdraw.]


[Yes, sir!]


It looked like he simply made them withdraw.


However,


Right now, gather all the martial artists in the estate, and summon Axe King Ho Tae-gang, Water Clan Master Go Yeon-baek, and Valley Master of Summoning Sound Valley, Hang Yeo-ryang.


There was a secret known only to Jang Neung-ak's close confidants and subordinates.


It was the art of transmitting secret messages through sound, Secret Voice Transmission.


Jang Neung-ak, who had gained the support of the Summoning Sound Valley Master, learned Secret Voice Transmission from her as a gift.


And he found it useful from time to time.


This was one such situation.


***


Axe King (破斧王) Ho Tae-gang.


He was one of the Five Kings and a member of the Eight Stars, considered the top masters of the current martial world.


He was one of the few Transformation Realm experts in the Heaven and Earth Society and Jang Neung-ak's greatest force that he had recruited first.


'Did you think this young master would fully trust you?'


The opponent was a Transformation Realm expert.


If things went wrong, who knows what the outcome would be.


Judging by this guy's actions, he didn't seem to fear the Society Leader, his master, like others did.


In the first place, if he did, he wouldn't have done something like defeating Ko Yeon-hu, one of the Five Tigers, earlier.


That's why Jang Neung-ak called upon the best card he had.


The supreme master who had reached the Transformation Realm even longer ago than Mok Gyeong-un.


'Half a moment. That's enough.'


This much time was sufficient to summon the Axe King.


Axe King's estate was located closest among the other executives.


He would probably arrive here soon.


"Someone who can deal with me? Don't tell me?"


To Mok Gyeong-un, whose face had stiffened, Jang Neung-ak raised the corners of his mouth wickedly and said,


"Did you think this young master would let you get close without careful thought? You'll have to take responsibility for the consequences you brought upon yourself."


"…You're not an ordinary person, indeed."


"By the time you regret it now, it's already…"


"Would it make you feel better if I say that?"


"What?"


What?


This bastard, does he not understand the situation right now?


Puzzled by this, Mok Gyeong-un smiled and said,


"A suspicious person like you wouldn't casually dismiss the subordinates around you for a private conversation and have me sit close to you without hesitation… Did you think I would simply believe that?"


"You bastard…"


"Of course…"


Tap tap!


Mok Gyeong-un tapped his head with his finger and continued,


"Of course, I thought you would have prepared something."


"..."


"Am I right?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Jang Neung-ak glared at him and replied in a low voice,


"You're quite cunning indeed. But even if you realize it now, do you think it will change anything? Rather, even now…"


"Did you learn sound transmission from the Summoning Sound Valley Master?"


'!?'


At that question, Jang Neung-ak, who was trying to maintain a composed appearance, raised one eyebrow.


How the hell does this guy know that?


Seeing his reaction, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and said,


"Seems like I'm right. Well, since you promised to gain the support of the Summoning Sound Valley Master, I thought it was possible."


"You bastard, how…"


Just as Jang Neung-ak was about to say something,


Step!


Jang Neung-ak, who sensed someone entering the garden, smiled with satisfaction.


No matter how Mok Gyeong-un knew about the sound transmission, once Axe King Ho Tae-gang arrived, the situation would be over.


However,


'!?'


Jang Neung-ak's expression stiffened as he turned his gaze towards the garden entrance.


Because the one who entered was not Axe King as he had expected.


The one who entered the garden was none other than,


'Jong-im?'


Jong-im, the subordinate of the deceased Wi Maeng-cheon, who was one of the martial artists sitting on the terrace.


Seeing him enter suddenly, Jang Neung-ak was at a loss.


That was because he had sent an urgent sound transmission to him with orders.


Instead of the Axe King he had summoned, why was that bastard here…?


'Blood?'


But something was strange.


Jong-im's clothes were stained with blood.


Why was that bastard in such a state…?


"Did you take care of it well?"


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un's voice rang in his ears.


'Did you take care of it well?'


What the hell was this…?


Bam!


Jong-im, the subordinate of the deceased Wi Maeng-cheon, knelt on one knee and clasped his hands together in a respectful salute toward Mok Gyeong-un as he replied,


"Master. I took care of everything as you ordered."


'!!!!!!!!'


As soon as he finished speaking, Jang Neung-ak's face twisted terribly.


What the hell was going on?


Why was that bastard calling Mok Gyeong-un master?


As he was feeling perplexed, he suddenly sensed a strange presence behind him and someone placing a hand on his shoulder.


Gasp!


The startled Jang Neung-ak tried to shake it off, but,


Grab!


'What?'


The pressing force was so strong that he couldn't even move his shoulder.


Then, a whisper came from behind him.


"What will you do now that news different from what you expected has arrived?"


It was Mok Gyeong-un's voice.


When did this bastard get behind him?


"You, you bastard!"


"Shh. Be quiet and relax your shoulders. If you keep moving like that, I might feel like breaking them with the strength in my hands."


Shudder!


At those words and the accompanying laughter, goosebumps instantly covered Jang Neung-ak's entire body.


Where did things go wrong?