Chapter 183: Submission (2)

"Hmm?"


Mok Gyeong-un raised an eyebrow, seeing Go Chan, who possessed Ha Chae-rin's body, and Wi Maeng-cheon, who possessed Jong-im's body, raising their hands at the same time.


Realizing that they both raised their hands, the two looked at each other.


Both Go Chan and Wi Maeng-cheon had unpleasant expressions.


Mok Gyeong-un said to them,


"It seems you both want this body."


At those words, Wi Maeng-cheon hurriedly opened his mouth.


"I definitely want it. Please give me this body."


"Wait, that can't be. We may have skipped introductions, but there's a hierarchy even among water spirits. As a newcomer, how dare you covet this body?"


He had become a servant spirit before Mok Gyeong-un was brought to the Heaven and Earth Society.


How dare a newbie servant spirit try to take the body before a senior even picks up their chopsticks?


However,


"Stay out of this, wench."


Wi Maeng-cheon snapped at Go Chan in a sharp voice.


Seeing that, Go Chan was dumbfounded.


"What? Wench? Who are you calling a wench?"


"I'm talking about you. Who else would I be talking about? Don't be greedy and be satisfied with that body, you bi-"


"Hey!"


Go Chan shouted angrily.


Each day was already challenging and embarrassing for him as he possessed the body of a woman, Ha Chae-rin.


And now this guy was provoking him?


"Do you think I want to be in this body? How dare you thoughtlessly call me a wench when you know nothing? Do you want to die?"


"Hoo. Wench. Don't provoke me any further."


"Provoke? Are you blind? Fine. Let's do this, you bastard."


Swish!


A needle-like weapon appeared in Go Chan's fingers.


He had fully adapted to this body after possessing Ha Chae-rin's body for quite a long time.


Now he was confident he could utilize more than 100% of this body's peak martial prowess.


Shing!


Like Go Chan, Wi Maeng-cheon also half-drew his sword.


Although his martial prowess was much lower than his original body, he still had his original senses.


He was at least confident he could subdue the wench in front of him.


Then,


"Take it easy, you two."


Mok Gyeong-un's voice reached their ears.


Unconsciously glancing at Mok Gyeong-un, their expressions soon hardened.


Although he was smiling, the immense energy flowing from Mok Gyeong-un was pressuring them as if it would engulf them at any moment.


At this, Go Chan and Wi Maeng-cheon, who seemed like they would fight at any moment, soon withdrew their weapons.


Even if they wanted to maintain their pride, as servant spirits, they couldn't refuse their master's order.


"I was going to give you a choice, but I think it's better for me to decide."


Thud!


At those words, Wi Maeng-cheon hurriedly knelt on one knee and clasped his hands together, pleading.


"Master. Please give me Young Master Jang Neung-ak's body."


He looked very desperate.


So Mok Gyeong-un asked in puzzlement,


"You seem to want it badly. Is it because Young Master Jang Neung-ak is a higher-ranking person?"


"..."


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Wi Maeng-cheon couldn't bring himself to reveal his true intentions.


At a glance, it seemed like he wanted it because Young Master Jang Neung-ak was of higher rank than Ho Jong-hyeok, a member of the Five Mountains Alliance, as Mok Gyeong-un said, but that didn't hold much meaning to him.


He just wanted to protect his former lord, even if it was in this way.


However,


'If I reveal this, that monster-like person will probably hate it.'


That's why he couldn't say his true intentions.


And he didn't want to see that wench possessing the body of his former lord.


Then,


"Master."


Go Chan clung to Mok Gyeong-un with teary eyes.


"Didn't you promise? You said you'd move me to a suitable body if there was one."


"Ah. I did say that."


"I can't stay in this body any longer. So please give me that body."


Seeing Go Chan holding onto his arm and pressing against his body while pleading, Wi Maeng-cheon was dumbfounded and shouted,


"Wench! How dare you act coquettishly?"


"Coquettishly? What nonsense are you spouting now? Acting coquettishly is…"


"Isn't what you're doing right now acting coquettishly?"


"What?"


In an instant, Go Chan realized what he was doing.


'Oh no….'


Perhaps because he had gotten too used to living as a woman, giving up on thinking rationally.


He did something he wouldn't have done normally.


'Damn it. I got too immersed.'


Feeling embarrassed, his face flushed red.


Seeing him like that, Cheong-ryeong, who was watching this inside the wooden puppet, burst out laughing.


– Puhahahaha! This guy has completely become a wench.


Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and shook his head.


It seemed that when a soul enters the body of the opposite sex, it gets considerably influenced even if one doesn't realize it.


"It doesn't seem bad for you to stay in that body."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Go Chan lay flat on the floor and pleaded.


"Oh no. That won't do, Master… Didn't you promise? You said you'd move me to a man's body again."


'A man? Don't tell me?'


Wi Maeng-cheon frowned and looked at Go Chan.


He wondered why this wench was trying to possess a man's body beyond her means, but was she saying she wasn't a woman but a man?


Realizing this, Wi Maeng-cheon looked at Go Chan as if looking at a bug.


That was because he knew that even before becoming a spirit, Ho Jong-hyeok kept that wench by his side as if she were his woman.


'No, she said she's not a wench.'


So Wi Maeng-cheon's gaze was close to contempt.


Wi Maeng-cheon pleaded with Mok Gyeong-un again.


"Master. If this person's goal is to simply enter a man's body, Ho Jong-hyeok's body would be fine too, right? Then please give me Young Master Jang Neung-ak's body…"


"No! I'm going to enter that body."


"How dare a pervert like you…"


"A pervert?! Who are you calling a pervert? Master. Please ignore this guy's words."


Go Chan desperately defended himself.


Go Chan wanted to possess Young Master Jang Neung-ak's body no matter what.


If that bastard takes Jang Neung-ak's body from him and he ends up in the body of a subordinate,


Then he would have to do whatever that bastard tells him to do.


He had to prevent that at all costs.


"Master. Would you entrust Young Master Jang Neung-ak's body, which is in a crucial position, to a pervert like this? I, who have watched Young Master Jang Neung-ak closely for a long time, am more…"


Wi Maeng-cheon also tried desperately to secure Jang Neung-ak's body no matter what.


At the fervent arguments of these two, Mok Gyeong-un showed an annoyed expression.


Then Cheong-ryeong's voice rang in his head.


– You're not good at everything either.


– What?


– Well, you would have had to handle subordinates to be able to deal with this kind of situation.


– It seems you have something in mind.


– It's not just an idea, there are laws to handling subordinates.


– Laws?


– Yeah.


– What are they?


– Make the hierarchy clear.


– Hierarchy…


– Individually, they may obey your orders, but there needs to be a system in place for an organization to function. And in that system, there's something called a chain of command.


– Ah… You're indeed experienced. You must have handled many subordinates.


– …Ahem.


Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and opened his mouth.


"Wi Maeng-cheon."


"Yes!"


Wi Maeng-cheon, who had been passionately arguing to get Jang Neung-ak's body, stopped and replied.


At his answer, Go Chan's eyes widened.


'Wi Maeng-cheon? The Second Mountain Wi Maeng-cheon?'


He had been curious about this guy's true identity.


But he didn't expect him to be the deceased Wi Maeng-cheon.


Then,


'…He's really bold.'


It wasn't another disciple of the Society Leader who killed Wi Maeng-cheon, but Mok Gyeong-un.


Go Chan, who had only been by Ho Jong-hyeok's side, naturally assumed that Wi Maeng-cheon had been killed by either the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang or the junior sister Wi So-yeon, as they had guessed.


But to think he died at Mok Gyeong-un's hands and became a servant spirit, it was surprising.


'Ah…'


This is making me uneasy.


If it's Wi Maeng-cheon, he would know more about Jang Neung-ak and this Five Mountains Alliance than anyone else.


In that position, it seemed like Mok Gyeong-un would give Jang Neung-ak's body to Wi Maeng-cheon, not him.


However,


"Since Go Chan here is like my right-hand man, treat him as a superior."


'!?'


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Go Chan looked at him in surprise.


Even though Wi Maeng-cheon was dead, he could be considered a tremendous talent in the current situation.


Wasn't he a master who had reached the pinnacle-stage of Transcendent Realm when he was alive?


Telling someone like that to treat him as a superior?


And also…


'Right-hand man?'


Gulp!


Go Chan unconsciously swallowed his saliva.


He had thought he was just a disposable card to this monster-like guy.


But hearing him say this, it felt like his past hardships were being slightly rewarded.


So Go Chan unknowingly puffed out his chest.


'…He's become quite elated.'


Seeing Go Chan like that, Wi Maeng-cheon gritted his teeth.


He was furious at the thought of treating someone like that, whose gender was unclear, as a superior.


However,


"Why aren't you answering? Do you perhaps want to be simply exterminated?"


"N-no way! How could that be?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Wi Maeng-cheon was startled and waved his hands.


Even if he rolled in a pile of dog shit, this world was better.


Moreover, since he was already a spirit, if he were exterminated in this state, it would be no different from returning to nothingness.


Thud!


"I will treat him as a superior."


Although he was resentful, Wi Maeng-cheon lowered his head as Mok Gyeong-un ordered.


Seeing this, Go Chan couldn't hide his satisfaction, his lips twitching.


To think that he, who retired as a low-ranking assassin despite being from the Flying Killing Sect, would be treated as a superior by a future top master like Wi Maeng-cheon of the Heaven and Earth Society.


'Hehehe.'


Life was truly unpredictable.


***


'Sniff.'


Jang Neung-ak, no, Go Chan who was currently possessing Jang Neung-ak's body, couldn't help but feel moved beyond joy.


Each day had been embarrassing and challenging for him to the point where he thought he might lose his gender identity as he possessed the body of a woman, Ha Chae-rin.


But it was worth enduring that.


Returning to a man's body made him feel confident.


"How's the body?"


Mok Gyeong-un asked him.


At that question, Go Chan barely suppressed his excitement and said,


"It's really… the best."


It was difficult to describe in words.


When he entered the body of Ha Chae-rin, a Peak Realm master, he, who was merely second-rate expert, experienced sensations he had never felt before and was only satisfied with that aspect.


But Jang Neung-ak's body was incomparable from the beginning.


'Amazing. How can such a body even exist?'


The body of Jang Neung-ak, who had reached the pinnacle-stage of Transcendent Realm, could truly be called a monster.


The internal energy Ha Chae-rin possessed was like a drop in the bucket.


This body was really strong, to the point where it felt like he could do anything if he wanted to.


'But….'


Seeing Mok Gyeong-un, who had easily subdued this tremendous body, his master felt even more like a monster.


Wasn't he someone who didn't even know the basics of martial arts just a month ago?


He was truly a monster itself.


"Is the other body okay?"


This time, Mok Gyeong-un asked Wi Maeng-cheon, who had entered Ho Jong-hyeok's body.


Wi Maeng-cheon nodded and replied,


"I think I can adapt quickly."


Wi Maeng-cheon was also inwardly unable to hide his surprise.


He was aware that the hidden First Mountain Ho Jong-hyeok was strong, but after taking over his body, that strength was hard to compare to his former body.


Even though they were both at the Transcendent Realm, the difference between the early-stage and the pinnacle-stage was truly stark.


'Ho Jong-hyeok… He's really amazing.'


If he wanted to, he could have taken the position of one of the Five Tigers at any time.


With this body, he was curious about the outcome if he fought against that person, who was undoubtedly the best among the Five Tigers.


Fortunately, the bodies seem to suit you two to some extent.


Indeed.


The stronger the body, the more it tends to reject the spirit.


So he had been worried, but fortunately, both Go Chan and Wi Maeng-cheon seemed to have settled well into their bodies.


Since they had taken over the bodies of Young Master Jang Neung-ak, the leader of this force, and Ho Jong-hyeok, the hidden second-in-command, there would be no problem controlling this place.


– But are you really okay? Taking over that woman's body…


– It's fine. I don't really like that woman.


Mok Gyeong-un had intended to give Cheong-ryeong the body of Seo Hye-in, the Fourth Mountain of the Five Mountains Alliance.


However, Cheong-ryeong refused.


The reason was that she didn't really like the body.


What could he do if she refused?


– Rather than that, how are you going to deal with that woman?


At Cheong-ryeong's words, Mok Gyeong-un's gaze naturally turned to Ha Chae-rin, who was lying unconscious.


As Go Chan left her body, the successor of the Flying Killing Sect assassins, her body became vacant.


'Hmm.'


Mok Gyeong-un stared at her intently.


Although he had conveniently used her as Go Chan's vessel, he no longer needed her.


There were many more useful cards within the Heaven and Earth Society.


So Mok Gyeong-un,


– Well, let's kill her then.


He smiled and casually approached Ha Chae-rin to kill her.


Then Go Chan, who had been satisfied with his new body, was startled and approached, saying,


"Are you going to kill her?"


"Yes. There's no immediate use for her, so…"


"Wouldn't it be a waste to just kill her?"


At Go Chan's words, Mok Gyeong-un looked at him in puzzlement.


Then he asked,


"Why do you say it's a waste?"


"Well, that's…"


"Did you perhaps develop feelings for this body after being in it for a long time?"


"No! How could that be?"


Despite saying this, Go Chan felt strangely attached to her as if she were himself, perhaps because he had been in Ha Chae-rin's body for a long time and read all her memories.


So although he strongly denied it, he felt uncomfortable about just killing her.


It felt like killing himself, in a way.


"Then is it okay to just kill her?"


"Well… What you say is true, but still, she's the successor of the Flying Killing Sect, a group of the Four Great Assassins. Wouldn't it be a waste to just kill her…?"


"Hmm."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un stroked his chin.


Even if she was the successor of the Flying Killing Sect, she wasn't a card he could immediately use, so was there a need to keep her alive?


Then, after glancing at Go Chan, who was looking at him anxiously, he chuckled and said,


"Can you make her submit so we can use her?"


"I'll try."


"If it doesn't work, deal with her as you see fit."


"Alright…"


Just as Go Chan was about to reply,


Ha Chae-rin, whose soul had settled normally after Go Chan's possessing spirit left her body, seemed to regain consciousness and opened her eyes.


"Gasp!"


Ha Chae-rin looked around with a startled face.


"Wh-Where am I?"


The surroundings were unfamiliar.


She furrowed her brows.


Her last memory was of dozens of bloodstained hands suddenly popping out from the ground, grabbing and pulling at her.


She couldn't remember anything after that. What on earth happened?


"You seem to have woken up."


At the familiar voice, Ha Chae-rin turned her head.


"You!"


The owner of the voice was none other than Mok Gyeong-un.


The moment she spotted him, the final sacrifice for the Hundred Days of Killing to become the leader of the Flying Killing Sect, Ha Chae-rin instinctively shot the shadow needles hidden in her bracelet.


Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


However,


'Huh?'


Her eyes widened.


The flying shadow needles stopped mid-air.


What the hell is going on?


As she was perplexed, Mok Gyeong-un lightly nodded his head,


Clatter clatter clatter!


All the shadow needles suspended in the air fell to the ground.


'!!!!!!!!'


Ha Chae-rin was so shocked by the sight that her pupils trembled like crazy.


Just how profound was his internal energy that he blocked the needles she shot with his energy without even touching them?


As if not caring about her bewilderment at all, Mok Gyeong-un turned his head and said to Go Chan with a smile,


"Can you make her submit?"


"I'll try!"


"If she can't be controlled, let me know. On second thought, it might be okay to use her as Gyu Soha's body instead."