Chapter 184: Submission (3)

"Can you make her submit?"


"I'll try!"


"If she can't be controlled, let me know. On second thought, it might be okay to use her as Gyu Soha's body instead."


'Gyu Soha?'


Who is that?


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Go Chan, who possessed Jang Neung-ak's body, couldn't hide his puzzlement.


Thinking carefully about what was said, it sounded like there were more spirits like them that could be used as vessels.


As if confirming his guess, Mok Gyeong-un agreed with a smile.


"That's right. There are more."


Gyu Soha.


She was a spirit that was raised with gu poison under the cliff of Corpse Blood Valley.


She became a servant spirit by Mok Gyeong-un and was now possessing Yang Mu-won, the caretaker of Corpse Blood Valley, guarding that place under orders.


Originally, she was only at the Green Spirit level because the gu poison wasn't completed, but after receiving the leftover demonic energy from the Usurping Sea King that Mok Gyeong-un absorbed, her rank was finally elevated to a Blue Spirit.


– That guy, who insists he's a man, and this bastard would make quite an interesting pair if they met.


– Indeed.


Mok Gyeong-un also agreed with Cheong-ryeong's words.


No matter how you looked at her, Gyu Soha, who appeared female and was being bullied by Cheong-ryeong, still insisted she was a man.


– We should bring her over soon.


Gyu Soha had become a spirit that could even face pinnacle-stage Transcendent Realm supreme masters after her rank was elevated.


Such an existence couldn't be left as a mere caretaker.


– Do you have someone to replace her?


Cheong-ryeong asked in puzzlement.


Most of the servant spirits except her had their own assigned roles.


Demonic Monk was possessing escort Byeok, a loyal subordinate of the Shadow Clan Master, to monitor him and gather information, so there was no servant spirit to replace him.


The more loyal, determined, or vengeful someone is in life, the higher the probability of them being reborn as a spirit.


– …What are you thinking?


– Coincidentally, I sense spiritual energy over there.


The place Mok Gyeong-un was looking at.


It was the eastern direction of the garden where the martial artists from the terrace had withdrawn.


The martial artists from the terrace who had withdrawn were killed by the demon beast Heum-won and Wi Maeng-cheon.


– You're not thinking of…?


– Yes.


To Mok Gyeong-un, whose curse power had become even more outstanding after eating the three-eyed eyeball, the newly born spiritual energy was clearly felt.


A newly born spirit would at best not even reach the level of an earth-bound spirit, so its will would gradually weaken and eventually perish.


However,


'If we give it a little help, that will change.'


If it could at least reach the Red Spirit level to have a rank attached, it could possess someone.


Mok Gyeong-un was about to take a step.


Then Go Chan, who possessed Jang Neung-ak, asked,


"Master?"


Go Chan's eyes showed fear and a defensive stance at the same time, like a weasel with its fur standing on end, as he pointed at Ha Chae-rin.


To this, Mok Gyeong-un replied in a nonchalant tone,


"Ah. Deal with her as you see fit."


Now Ha Chae-rin was Go Chan's responsibility.


Mok Gyeong-un, who entrusted her to Go Chan, moved and headed towards the place where spiritual power was felt, passing the garden pavilion.


There, the shrunken demon beast Heum-won was flying around, and on the floor were the cold corpses of the martial artists from the terrace.


Among them, the existence that was born as a spirit was seen.


Found it.


The corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth curved up.


***


Go Chan approached the tense Ha Chae-rin.


Then Ha Chae-rin, startled, aimed her shadow needles at Go Chan.


"Don't come any closer!"


Originally, as an assassin, she was trained to maintain composure in any situation, so she wasn't easily agitated by such things.


But the situation was different now.


She felt strangely disconnected from moving her body, as if she had been asleep for a long time and woke up, and she couldn't even understand what was happening.


She was clearly aiming for Mok Gyeong-un's life at Yeon Mok Sword Manor, so what was going on?


To her, Go Chan said,


"Hey."


At Go Chan's call, Ha Chae-rin looked at Go Chan with tense eyes.


Seeing that reaction, Go Chan inwardly felt a strange thrill.


Until right before she died, she had considered him as a lowly inferior assassin.


But now she was properly wary of him.


'Heh.'


It was truly ironic.


After changing bodies, she looked infinitely weak to him.


Of course, that was because the body of the Society Leader's second disciple, Jang Neung-ak, was that strong.


The elated Go Chan warned her,


"You better behave."


"Damn it. Where the hell is this and who are you?"


At her rough way of speaking, Go Chan clicked his tongue.


He had forgotten for a while, but she was indeed a woman with an extremely crude way of speaking.


Her original personality hadn't gone anywhere.


"If you keep acting like that, your life will be in danger. That person has no mercy."


"That person? Are you talking about Mok Gyeong-un?"


"Yes."


At Go Chan's words, Ha Chae-rin furrowed her brows.


She was already extremely confused because of the existence called Mok Gyeong-un.


Mok Gyeong-un was the final sacrifice for the Hundred Days of Killing to be recognized as the leader of the Flying Killing Sect.


But she didn't know where things went wrong.


The Mok Gyeong-un she knew at Yeon Mok Sword Manor was just a cowardly man without any skills.


But when she closed her eyes and opened them again, his overwhelming presence and control over his energy were truly those of a supreme master and beyond.


'What the hell? What's going on?'


How did such a monster become the final sacrifice for the Hundred Days of Killing?


The Hundred Days of Killing selected someone who wouldn't be a big problem even if they died.


But wasn't he someone they couldn't kill?


Go Chan, who was staring intently at the perplexed her, had the corners of his mouth twitching.


[Deal with her as you see fit.]


Mok Gyeong-un had entrusted Ha Chae-rin to him.


Therefore, her life and death were now in his hands.


[Uncle, you killed the young master you served for Uncle Gam's revenge and committed suicide. Understood?]


[Fr-From the beginning…]


[Shh. Be quiet. Be grateful that I'm letting you preserve your honor as a retired member of the Flying Killing Sect.]


He vividly remembered when Ha Chae-rin had done that to him.


She had treated him like complete trash.


He had even died because of her.


But the chance to pay her back with his own hands had unexpectedly come?


The twitching corners of his mouth curved up wickedly.


Soon, Go Chan approached her.


Then,


Swish!


As soon as he got close, Ha Chae-rin shot her shadow needles at Go Chan.


However,


Bam!


'!?'


The shadow needles didn't pierce Go Chan and were caught between his index and middle fingers.


'I can see it. I can see everything!'


Go Chan inwardly cheered.


Even the notorious symbol of the Flying Killing Sect assassins, the shadow needles, were useless against him now.


He felt like he could catch them with his eyes closed just by the sound.


Surprised by Go Chan's appearance, Ha Chae-rin said,


"Wh-Who the hell are you?"


"Me? I am…"


[I didn't expect to see a retired person like this. Uncle Go Chan. Or should I call you Former Inferior Assassin No. 83?]


Suddenly, what she had said came to mind.


He wanted to rebuke her, saying, 'I'm Inferior Assassin No. 83!' but ever since possessing this body, he had to faithfully play that role.


Therefore,


"I… No, this young master is Jang Neung-ak."


"Jang Neung-ak?"


'Jang Neung-ak…? Jang Neung-ak, you say? I've heard that name somewhere… Jang Neung-ak… Jang…'


Suddenly, Ha Chae-rin's eyes widened.


That was because there was only one Jang Neung-ak she knew.


Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the leader of the Heaven and Earth Society, one of the three great organizations currently dividing the martial world.


Surprised, she was perplexed but soon denied reality.


"No way! You… Jang Neung-ak? How could that be? Why would the second disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society leader be at Yeon Mok Sword Manor…"


"Does this look like Yeon Mok Sword Manor to you?"


"What?"


"This is the inner city of the Heaven and Earth Society and this young master's estate."


'!?'


At those words, Ha Chae-rin's expression stiffened.


No. Does this make any sense?


Just before she opened her eyes, she was clearly at Yeon Mok Sword Manor, so why was she in the Heaven and Earth Society?


To the perplexed her, Go Chan said in a firm voice,


"Ha Chae-rin."


She raised her head and looked at Go Chan.


How did this person know her name?


Did he hear it from that bastard Mok Gyeong-un?


As she was puzzled, Go Chan continued,


"Age nineteen. The only granddaughter of an assassin who retired at the physical age of eighty and a successor of the Four Great Assassins group, the Flying Killing Sect."


'!?'


"Due to your impatient and hot-tempered personality that doesn't suit an assassin, you were forcibly confined in the Flying Killing Cave, and after coming out, in order to become the successor, you were in the midst of the Hundred Days of Killing… Ah! Since you failed to kill Mok Gyeong-un, your final target, it's hard to even consider you a successor now."


"Wh-Who are you?"


Ha Chae-rin's eyes trembled.


That's how the human mind worked.


You don't know much about the other person, but they know so much about you.


The anxiety and fear that came from that were hard to describe.


It felt like everything about her was being exposed.


To her, Go Chan approached right in front of her and said in a low voice,


"From earlier, hearing 'you, you' is grating on my nerves. You're quite impudent for a mere successor of an assassin group."


"That… That's…"


At Go Chan's words, Ha Chae-rin was momentarily at a loss.


If the other person was really Jang Neung-ak, the second disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society leader, he wasn't someone she could treat carelessly.


If the Heaven and Earth Society decided to, it would be a simple matter to wipe out the Flying Killing Sect overnight.


No matter how problematic her personality was, she knew that much.


"Young Master. There seems to be some misunderstanding. I don't know why I'm here, but…"


"Enough. Kneel."


"What?"


"I said kneel."


At Go Chan's words, Ha Chae-rin hesitated for a moment.


Even if he was the second disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society leader, wasn't this too much for a first meeting?


What did she do to deserve this…


Slap!


At that moment, Ha Chae-rin's head turned to the side.


Her cheek burned.


Go Chan, who had slapped her, said with a sneer,


"Kneel."


Normally, she would have submitted by now, but she had such stubbornness and temperament that even the calm assassins would be dumbfounded.


Ha Chae-rin bit her lip hard and said,


"Young Master. I don't know what you heard from that Mok Gyeong-un, but this is…"


Slap!


"Ack."


Ha Chae-rin's cheek turned the other way.


The force put into it this time was incomparable to before.


Because internal energy was infused, blood flowed from her mouth that was torn on the inside.


Her eyes were bloodshot.


"This is going too far."


"Impudent wench. Who are you carelessly slandering? That person is someone I serve."


"What?"


At Go Chan's words, Ha Chae-rin couldn't hide her perplexity.


What kind of nonsense was coming out of the mouth of a big shot like the second disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society leader?


Saying he serves him?


She had guessed they had some kind of relationship, but this was quite shocking.


Why was a disciple of the Heaven and Earth Society leader saying he served the son of an orthodox martial family?


It was utterly incomprehensible.


Then,


Bam!


Go Chan slapped her cheek again.


The force put into it this time was stronger than before, so her head turned even more.


And a bruise even formed on her face.


"You…"


Bam!


Before she could speak, Go Chan slapped the other cheek.


Ha Chae-rin's head turned the other way.


"Haa… Haa…"


Drip drip! Plop! Plop!


Blood flowed from her mouth as her head shook, dripping onto the floor.


It was painful and dizzying as the internal energy got stronger each time he hit her.


As Go Chan raised his hand again like that,


Thud!


Before that, Ha Chae-rin's knees hit the floor.


Even though she was the successor of an assassin group and revered as a Peak Realm master, she couldn't help but be powerless in this moment.

 1

To her, who had finally knelt, Go Chan tapped her forehead with his finger and said,


"Yes. This is the eye level between you and me."


Clench!


Her eyes, biting her lips tightly, welled up with tears.


She had never felt such humiliation before.


Moreover, the reality that she couldn't even resist made her feel even more miserable.


Seeing her suffering, Go Chan sneered and was delighted.


'Hehehe.'


This was just the beginning.


He was so excited that he couldn't bear the thought of making her submit to the bottom.


Watching Go Chan, who was enjoying himself with a face full of madness, Wi Maeng-cheon, who possessed Ho Jong-hyeok's body, inwardly clicked his tongue.


'Is that why he let her live?'


He thought he was just a pervert, but he was extremely vicious beyond expectation.


***


The estate of Wi So-yeon, the junior sister of the Heaven and Earth Society leader.


The atmosphere in the main hall's meeting room was somewhat subdued.


That was because they, who had fainted and woken up after a long time, were too ashamed to face their lord, Wi So-yeon.


All of her loyal subordinates were beaten by a single person.


This was a major incident that no one had expected.


When everyone was keeping their mouths shut, a man stood up from his seat and soon knelt on the floor.


Thud!


"Grand Leader Woo?"


"Senior Brother Woo!"


At his attitude, Yang Il, the young leader of Transient Sword Group, and Gi Ok-ryeon, the eldest daughter of Sun Rock Valley Master, called out to him as if trying to dissuade him, perplexed.


Nevertheless, Woo Ho-rang lowered his head and apologized.


"…I'm sorry. Everything happened because of me."


Woo Ho-rang, who had come to his senses, thought all of this was his fault.


It seemed to have happened because he couldn't control his feelings of love and challenged Mok Gyeong-un to a duel.


'Who would have thought he would do this.'


He thought it would just end as a matter between the two of them.


But he never predicted that Mok Gyeong-un would enter the estate of Wi So-yeon, the Society Leader's junior sister, and beat up all her loyal subordinates.


Grit!


'Mok Gyeong-un…'


Thinking of that bastard made his teeth chatter.


However, he thought he had to take responsibility for what happened because of him right now.


Swish!


Woo Ho-rang took out a dagger from his bosom and placed it in front of him.


Then, holding out his left hand, he said,


"I have damaged the Young Lady's reputation, so I will first pay with my left hand."


"Big Brother! No!"


"Grand Leader!"


The other loyal subordinates tried to stop him.


However, as if trying to carry out his will, Woo Ho-rang drew the dagger and tried to cut his left wrist.


Right at that moment,


Clang!


Before it could touch his wrist, Woo Ho-rang's dagger was deflected and stuck into the wall.


Along with that, an ornamental bead fell right in front of Woo Ho-rang.


Woo Ho-rang raised his head and looked in the direction the ornamental bead had flown from.


"Young Lady…"


The one who threw it was none other than Wi So-yeon.


Wi So-yeon looked at Woo Ho-rang with a cold gaze and said,


"I won't forgive taking responsibility in this way."


"But…"


"Enough!"


At Wi So-yeon's small rebuke, Woo Ho-rang shut his mouth.


Perhaps feeling her anger, the other loyal subordinates also quietly closed their mouths.


This was the first time they had seen her get angry like this.


Naturally, they couldn't help but be cautious.


Then Wi So-yeon opened her mouth.


"I realized how poorly I managed the hierarchy through this incident."


"No. How could the Young Lady…"


"Shut up."


Gi Ok-ryeon shut her mouth in surprise.


Usually, she treated them well in front of everyone to boost the morale of her subordinates.


But this was the first time they saw her being so resolute.


"Now that I've realized an organization without a hierarchy has no future, I will fix the system from now on. Understand?"


"…"


"No answer."


Swooosh!


As soon as she finished speaking, a cold energy flowed out from Wi So-yeon.


The energy was so cold that in an instant, the entire room was filled with a chill, and steam flowed out of everyone's mouths.


At this, Yang Il, the young leader of Transient Sword Group, knelt on one knee, clasped his hands together, and shouted,


"We will keep that in mind!"


Then the others took the same posture and chanted,


"We will keep that in mind!"


"Hmph."


Looking down at them like that, Wi So-yeon snorted and withdrew her energy.


As she withdrew her energy, Woo Ho-rang looked at her with somewhat surprised eyes.


'To freely control yin energy to this extent?'


What?


He knew she had a special constitution and possessed vast true energy.


But her energy had become much more stable and stronger than before.


Could it be that she had gained some enlightenment in the meantime?


Looking closely, her face was also glowing and seemed much more beautiful than before.


As he was puzzled, Wi So-yeon said,


"And I declare two things here. No one can object to this decision."


"We will keep that in mind!"


Everyone answered simultaneously at her words.


It was definitely effective to draw a clear line properly.


As he said, it seemed she had been too lenient and spoiled her subordinates, not properly fulfilling her role as their lord.


Through this incident, she firmly resolved to change.


Wi So-yeon, who had hardened her heart, opened her mouth.


"The first is about Mok Gyeong-un."


'Ah…'


At her words, everyone's eyes lit up at the same time.


They already thought Mok Gyeong-un was the root of all this happening.


Naturally, they thought she wouldn't just let this incident pass.


That bastard was now no different from an enemy to Wi So-yeon's faction.


'I'll pay him back.'


Woo Ho-rang inwardly waited for her order.


If she just gave the order, he was prepared to challenge Mok Gyeong-un again at any time.


However,


"From now on, treat Mok Gyeong-un the same way you treat me."


'!?'


At the unexpected order that came out of Wi So-yeon's mouth, everyone looked at her with surprised expressions.