Chapter 190: The Test (1)

Half a moment ago.


In the Society Leader's quarters located at the topmost floor of the main building.


The Society Leader, whose face was obscured by shadows as he had his back to the lantern, had his face wrapped in bandages.


The expression of the Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon, who was looking at him, was stiff, unlike his usual self.


'…So this is why he kept hiding his appearance.'


As the Shadow Clan Master who had thought it was because he had suffered an incurable injury, he couldn't help but be quite shocked.


To him, the Society Leader said while wrapping the bandages,


"Cough cough. Why do you think I showed this to you?"


"…"


At the Society Leader's question, Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon couldn't easily answer.


The intention behind hiding this until now and only revealing it to him, who was in charge of confidential matters and information.


Of course, there were a few guesses that came to mind.


The first was the impact it would have if this fact were to be known.


It would likely cause a big commotion even within the Heaven and Earth Society.


'This is an obvious problem, and the next is indeed…'


The Society Leader's trust.


It seemed that even before, but especially after his illness had worsened, he didn't trust anyone except for the Vice-Leader and his closest aides.


If that's the case,


"Perhaps, you have determined that there are spies even within the inner fortress?"


"…"


At his words, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon snorted with a displeased expression.


This meant affirmation.


'Spies…'


Spies were bound to appear from time to time.


Even the Righteous Sect Alliance, a martial arts alliance opposing the Heaven and Earth Society, frequently sent spy organizations called the Silent Strides to investigate and disrupt the Heaven and Earth Society.


The role of catching such spies belonged to the Shadow Clan.


However, the fact that he had hidden it even from him, the head of the Shadow Clan,


'I am also a subject of suspicion.'


It was troublesome.


Although he tried his best to manage his expression and not show it, Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon was not pleased with this situation.


Because he was a person of the Fire Faith Order.


The fact that he, as such a person, had become a subject of suspicion was not good for the future reconstruction of the Fire Faith Order.


For a brief moment, Hwan Ya-seon fell into contemplation.


'I must somehow regain trust.'


Otherwise, even the reconstruction of the Fire Faith Order might become impossible.


Fortunately, the fact that he had revealed the hidden truth, even if it was for a test, meant that there was still some trust left.


At that moment, the Society Leader, who had finished wrapping the bandages, got up from the bed.


The Society Leader spoke,


"The imperial palace has requested the later generation disciples again this time. You are aware of that, right?"


For over a decade, the Imperial Guards, a special agency of the imperial palace, had been requesting young later generation disciples from the Righteous Sect Alliance and the Heaven and Earth Society, claiming to be reorganizing and reforming.


Although it seemed like a simple request, it was a policy of the imperial palace to maintain its relationship with the martial arts world.


The Righteous Sect Alliance had already been accepting their request and sending later generation disciples since the beginning, but the Heaven and Earth Society did not do so.


To the Society Leader's words, Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon replied,


"Yes. However, since it was a matter not approved by the Society Leader…"


"Cough cough. It's not a matter worth approving. How can the martial arts world and the government coexist?"


"…"


Of course, this was not the only reason.


The imperial palace and the government had taken the side of the Righteous Sect in the war between the Heaven and Earth Society and the Righteous Sect Alliance.


As a result, the Heaven and Earth Society faced a disadvantageous situation in the war.


This was the reason why the Heaven and Earth Society did not officially move in the direction the imperial palace wanted, even though they did not have a grudge against them.


"But we can no longer just stand by and watch."


"If we can no longer just stand by…"


"Vice-Leader."


The Society Leader called for the Vice-Leader.


The Shadow Clan Master looked at him with a puzzled expression.


Then the Vice-Leader continued,


"Officially, our association has rejected the imperial palace's request, but the Society Leader's direct subordinates have been making their own investments in addition to the spies being sent to the imperial palace."


"Their own investments?"


What does this mean?


Could it be that they have built friendly forces on the imperial palace's side?


When did they go to such lengths?


While he was thinking, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon answered,


"Imperial Consort Seo."


"Imperial Consort Seo?"


She was one of the two consorts currently most favored by the emperor.


That favor was so great that her seven-year-old child, overriding the grown children of the empress, became the crown prince.


As a result, she became one of the four people wielding absolute power in the imperial palace.


'Ha!'


The Shadow Clan Master clicked his tongue.


Of course, there were also Shadow Clan spies in the imperial palace.


However, most of the spies were active for information purposes, and there was no special intervention in the imperial palace.


But while the Society Leader outwardly took a hardline stance, saying that he could not coexist with the imperial palace, he had intervened in the inner palace behind the scenes.


In a sense, it was truly astonishing finesse.


"…It's truly remarkable, without even a word to the Shadow Clan."


"It was just a precautionary measure. Anyway, through the information from Imperial Consort Seo's side, we learned that this information is certain enough to take action."


"…Then you plan to attempt a rescue?"


"Yes."


The answer came from the Society Leader.


At his resolute voice, the Shadow Clan Master felt his determination.


The Society Leader had been continuously seeking 'that person' instead of physicians since his illness had worsened.


He would never let go of this opportunity.


However, the situation of 'that person' falling into the Society Leader's hands was just as bad as being detained in the imperial palace.


What should be done about this?


At that moment, the Vice-Leader continued,


"So this time, we will accept the imperial palace's request."


"Ah… Then you're going to dispatch later generation disciples?"


"That's right."


At the Vice-Leader's words, the Shadow Clan Master silently looked at him.


It was utterly ironic.


He had predicted such a situation when he heard the news of that person's detention.


Due to the emperor's illness, there were signs of internal strife in the imperial palace.


Therefore, the various factions in power were fiercely competing to seize power in many departments.


This was indeed an opportunity.


"Then, to recruit the later generation disciples to dispatch…"


"No, there's no need for that."


The Vice-Leader shook his head.


The Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon was puzzled by this.


To rescue that person imprisoned in the underground Golden Prison of the imperial palace, they needed to recruit suitable talents, so why was there no need for that?


Could it be,


"…You plan to proceed in secret?"


At the Shadow Clan Master's words, the Society Leader coughed and smiled faintly.


As expected, his prediction was correct.


The Society Leader was someone who was cautious to the extent of being convinced that there were spies within, to the point of hiding it even from him.


If that's the case, if they were to officially recruit and dispatch later generation disciples to the imperial palace for the mission, this information would flow to the mastermind through the spies, and there would be significant obstacles.


"Then what do you plan to do?"


If recruitment was impossible, they had no choice but to secretly designate and issue secret orders.


However,


"Shadow Clan Master. Did you separately inform your disciple?"


"Inform? No. I just told him to bring him straight here… !?"


Suddenly, the Shadow Clan Master stopped mid-answer and frowned.


Then, as if glaring at the Vice-Leader, he asked,


"You're not planning to send my disciple, are you?"


"That's right."


At his answer, the Shadow Clan Master was at a loss for words.


He had a hunch, but it turned out to be true.


In the case of secret orders being issued, it was often carried out abruptly like this.


That was to prevent information from spreading outside.


However, there was an issue to raise here.


"Vice-Leader… That child has just completed the Corpse Blood Valley and become my disciple. He's not yet at the level to take on a dispatch mission…"


"If he passed the gate of the Corpse Blood Valley as the top disciple, his abilities are sufficient."


"But you know that child's background, don't you? I trust that child belonging to us, but…"


"Is there a problem with trust?"


"Pardon?"


"I heard that he showed his will to be loyal to our sect in front of everyone at the Corpse Blood Valley's closing ceremony."


'…It reached the ears of the Society Leader and Vice-Leader.'


As expected, they were aware of most things, operating their own direct intelligence unit.


However, it was utterly unacceptable.


Even if that child, Mok Gyeong-un, had made a pledge, there was no way the Society Leader or Vice-Leader would believe it right away.


Rather, they were figures who would continue to test that child for a while to verify it.


But they're saying they'll entrust such an important mission to that child, believing in him?


What are they thinking?


The Shadow Clan Master spoke in a troubled voice,


"I'm grateful for your words as his teacher, but if that child, who hasn't even received training as a spy yet, is entrusted with such a mission and fails…"


"He's not being sent alone."


"Pardon?"


"There are already three people who have been dispatched unofficially in advance, and with the official dispatch as per the request, your disciple and two others will be additionally dispatched."


"Ah…"


"Imperial Consort Seo's side wanted trustworthy personnel, so we had to select quickly, and your disciple was inevitably chosen."


"…"


'Inevitably?'


The Shadow Clan Master's eyes narrowed.


Could this really be explained away as inevitable?


If Mok Gyeong-un were not a hostage of the righteous faction and had been his disciple for ten years, it might be an understandable selection.


This was probably,


'A test?'


It wasn't a test just for himself.


It seemed to include a test for that child, Mok Gyeong-un, as well.


It was truly troublesome.


To him, the Vice-Leader spoke with a soft sigh,


"Don't be too dissatisfied. I'm not only sending your beloved disciple but also my own son."


"Your son, you mean Mong Mu-yak?"


"That's right."


At this, Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon couldn't hide his inner surprise.


He had thought it was a test to make things difficult for him and Mok Gyeong-un, but if it included Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon's son Mong Mu-yak, the matter was different.


Wasn't Mong Mu-yak the successor of Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon and one of the Five Tigers, known as the Heaven and Earth Society's greatest later generation disciples?


Even he is being dispatched on such a dangerous mission?


'What is the intention?'


Anyway, he had no choice but to follow the Society Leader's orders.


It was definitely not a desperate measure to reassure him.


However, the fact that they were even sending the Vice-Leader's son…


'Could it be?'


Hwan Ya-seon glanced at the Vice-Leader.


Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon's eyes were strangely bitter.


Seeing this reaction, it seemed that the Vice-Leader was also not very pleased with sending his child on this rescue mission.


It seemed to be to prove his loyalty to the Society Leader.


'That position is not very good either.'


Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon clicked his tongue inwardly.


It was so pitiful that even the Vice-Leader, one of the closest aides, had to continue proving his loyalty in this way.


"Since my son, the Vice Commander of the Society Leader's direct subordinates, is also being dispatched, do not raise any more objections."


"…I understand."


Anyway, it was impossible to object further.


If he continued to object, it would only incur the Society Leader's anger and suspicion.


'There's no other way.'


Now that it had come to this, it seemed he had no choice but to trust Mok Gyeong-un.


Fortunately, Mok Gyeong-un was a person of the Fire Faith Order, just like himself.


No.


Come to think of it, it might actually be for the best.


It could be an opportunity to prevent 'that person' from falling into the Society Leader's hands.


At that moment,


-Click!


The Society Leader opened the window.


Then, looking down, he spoke,


"Cough cough. They're here."


"What do you mean?"


"The three people to be dispatched."


With those words, the Society Leader's eyes narrowed as he looked down at the training grounds below.


'That guy?'


The hostage of the righteous faction who had mastered the Moon Sword Technique.


The Society Leader's gaze became strange.


He had thought that with the existence of Wi So-yeon, the Earth Preserving Sword and the Moon Sword Technique were meaningless.


That's why he had sent him to the Corpse Blood Valley without any lingering attachment, but not only did he survive, he even became the Shadow Clan Master's disciple.


Truly a peculiar child.


[In the end, he will find his place. That is fate and the natural order.]


The words that person had said came to mind.


Then, is all of this because of that so-called natural order?


Even the fact that that kid survived there.


After looking down for a while, the Society Leader grabbed a sword technique manual and lightly waved his fingers.


At that moment,


-Whoosh!


Sharp Profound Energy rose from him.


Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon, who was watching from behind, was gripped by a sense of unease.


What is he trying to do?


While he was puzzled, the Society Leader continued to wave the sword technique manual.


He wanted to watch closely what he was doing, but he couldn't.


At that moment,


The Society Leader, who had been waving the sword technique manual as if commanding a battle formation, suddenly stopped his hand and trembled.


Then,


"Ha? Look at this guy."


He showed a reaction as if it were absurd.


He even had his eyes wide open, what could have happened to make him react like that?


While thinking that,


-Bam!


"So- Society Leader!"


The Society Leader jumped out the window.


The startled Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon and Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon ran and looked down below the window.


***


The Society Leader, who had landed on the ground with a light body, glanced at the sword that had fallen on the ground, then turned his gaze back to Mok Gyeong-un and asked,


"How did you scatter the qi infused in the sword?"


'What?'


At those words, the eyes of Seop Chun, the Third Captain of the main building, widened.


What does this mean?


Mok Gyeong-un scattered the qi infused in the sword?


No.


Wasn't it him who blocked the sword flying at Mok Gyeong-un and severed the qi to stop it?


It was utterly incomprehensible.


At that moment,


'Could it be?'


Seop Chun recalled the moment when the sword had revived for a moment and then lost strength and fell.


Could it be that it wasn't the Society Leader who had withdrawn the qi?


No. Something is strange.


If it was a method of creating a net with a saber technique like he did, the connected qi could be severed, but otherwise, how was that possible?


-Tap tap tap tap!


At that moment, two more people landed in the training grounds.


They were none other than Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon and Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon.


Not knowing exactly what had happened below, they were puzzled and asked,


"Society Leader, why are you…"


-Swish!


The Society Leader raised his hand, signaling them not to intervene.


At this, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon stopped speaking and looked around.


The hilt of a sword lying on the training ground floor.


And seeing the numerous saber marks filling the surroundings, he could roughly guess what had happened.


'Did the Society Leader test them?'


Judging from him waving the sword technique manual, it seemed he had used Art of Sword Control.


However, midway, the Society Leader had looked absurd.


[Ha? Look at this guy.]


Did someone among them surprise the Society Leader?


But was that even possible?


No matter how severe his illness was, the only ones who could block the Society Leader's Art of Sword Control were the two people with the title of Eight Stars or the head of the Elder Council, not anyone else.


At that moment, the Society Leader spoke again.


"Why is there no answer?"


Following the Society Leader's gaze, the two executives also turned towards Mok Gyeong-un.


Then Mok Gyeong-un spoke,


"This lowly one does not know what you mean."


Everyone was puzzled by his response, as if he truly had no idea.


At this, the Society Leader soon chuckled.


"Cough cough. Do you think you can deceive my eyes?"


"…"


"It was clearly you who did it."


The Society Leader spoke with a confident voice.


Then Mok Gyeong-un, with his head lowered, repeated the same words again.


"This lowly one truly does not know what you mean."


At his words, the Society Leader scoffed.


Then,


"Is that so? Then this will be an unfortunate accident."


-Swish!


As soon as those words ended, the Society Leader lightly nodded his head,


-Clang! Swish!


A sword from the weapon rack on one side of the training ground drew itself and flew towards the head of Mok Gyeong-un, who was kneeling with his hands clasped.


'How!'


Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon flinched for a moment at the Society Leader's sudden outburst.


It was because he had agonized in an instant whether to block it or not.


But at that moment, something astonishing happened.


-Bam! Clang!


The sword flying towards Mok Gyeong-un's head suddenly stopped as if it had lost strength and fell to the ground.


'!!!!!!!!!!'


Everyone who witnessed this scene couldn't hide their shock.


That youngster blocked the Society Leader's Art of Sword Control without moving a single finger?