Chapter 192: The Test (3)

"What do you think? Would you like to become my fourth disciple?"


'!!!!!!!'


At those words from the Society Leader's mouth, everyone in the training grounds was shocked.


Just a moment ago, they had been concerned about the situation escalating due to his excessive use of force, so this was a completely unexpected situation for them.


'Disciple? What does this mean?'


The one who showed the most notable reaction was Mong Mu-yak.


As the Vice-Leader's son, his eyes widened as he alternately looked at the Society Leader and Mok Gyeong-un.


That was because there was something Mong Mu-yak, who took great pride in learning the sword, had longed for all his life: receiving teachings from the Society Leader.


-Clench!


Mong Mu-yak's fist tightened.


Although his father's influence played a role, how tirelessly had he worked to catch the Society Leader's attention after entering the inner fortress of the main building?


Despite becoming one of the Five Tigers, known as the Heaven and Earth Society's greatest later generation disciples, the Society Leader had never even spared him a glance.


Therefore, the Society Leader's proposal was both infuriating and envious.


'Ha!'


On the other hand, the reaction of Seop Chun, another member of the Five Tigers and the Third Captain of the main building, was different.


Rather, his gaze toward Mok Gyeong-un became close to admiration.


He felt the same envy, but he had inwardly been impressed while watching him undergo the Society Leader's test.


'He's an incredible guy.'


Especially, his ability to endure the pain of his blood vessels bursting during the Society Leader's inner force test without letting out a single groan or showing a pained expression was impressive.


It made him wonder what he would have done in that situation.


'Is he the type of person who rises to the top?'


With that level of skill, it seemed sufficient for the Society Leader to covet him.


However, while it was something to congratulate Mok Gyeong-un for, he wasn't sure if this was okay.


As far as he knew, hadn't Mok Gyeong-un become Shadow Clan Master's disciple through the Corpse Blood Valley's closing ceremony just half a month ago?


Seop Chun glanced at Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon with a concerned look.


Naturally, having his disciple taken away wouldn't be pleasant… Huh?


'Is… it okay?'


Contrary to his concern, the Shadow Clan Master's expression was fine.


Rather, until just a moment ago, he had been restless, worrying about what would happen to his disciple, but now, his lips were twitching as if he was trying to hide his excitement.


Seop Chun's guess was accurate.


'Ah ah ah. To have such an opportunity come.'


If it were other executives, they would likely object to this situation.


It was a natural principle.


Who would be pleased to have such a talented disciple taken away?


Of course, in a similar context, there was a sense of regret, but to the Shadow Clan Master, Mok Gyeong-un was not only his disciple but also a member of the same Fire Faith Order.


Having such a member become a disciple of the Society Leader, the leader of the Heaven and Earth Society, was a golden opportunity for the Fire Faith Order to enter the center of the organization.


There was a saying that it was darkest under the lamp.


He believed that Mok Gyeong-un becoming the Society Leader's disciple would lay a great foundation for the reconstruction of the Fire Faith Order.


At this, Shadow Clan Master Hwan Ya-seon slightly nodded his head while looking at Mok Gyeong-un.


It meant not to worry about him.


"Society Leader!"


At that moment, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon intervened.


"Why are you doing this?"


"Please pause for a moment."


"Pause? Are you objecting to my authority right now?"


At the Society Leader's tone, which sounded displeased, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon hurriedly clasped his hands together, lowered his head, and said,


"That's not it. If the Society Leader, the leader of the sect, desires it, who could raise any objections?"


"Then why are you doing this?"


"I'm just concerned."


"Concerned?"


"Yes."


"Cough cough. What are you concerned about?"


At the Society Leader's question, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon cautiously spoke,


"That child named Mok Gyeong-un became Shadow Clan Master's disciple through the Corpse Blood Valley's closing ceremony."


"And?"


"Having multiple masters is not a problem, but if the Society Leader takes in that child, the meaning becomes different. It becomes forcibly taking a disciple."


"…"


At those words, one of the Society Leader's eyes revealed through the bandages narrowed.


He didn't seem very pleased.


However, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon didn't stop speaking even while being mindful of his mood.


"Even if the Society Leader asks for the Shadow Clan Master's understanding and accepts that child as a disciple, in this case, there may be objections from the Elder Council and executives."


"Objections from the Elder Council and executives? What does that mean?"


"All the disciples you have taken in are from prestigious martial arts families of our sect. They are the children of those who have made great contributions since the sect's founding."


At those words, the Society Leader scoffed.


It was because he had understood what the Vice-Leader was trying to say.


"Are you saying that his background is a problem?"


"Yes, no matter how much it is the Society Leader's decision, this alone will invite objections from the Elder Council and executives."


"Objections…"


"Although he has pledged loyalty, that child is originally a hostage from the righteous faction. He has no definite merits yet and hasn't been verified, so it seems right to reconsider readily accepting him as a disciple."


At these words, his son Mong Mu-yak nodded in agreement.


Indeed, his father's opinion was correct in this regard.


If he were to accept a hostage from the righteous faction as a disciple, complaints would sprout up everywhere, and people would start doubting the Society Leader's true intentions.


Already, due to his illness, he hadn't shown himself at official events for a long time, so hoping that there wouldn't be any complaints at all was truly a miscalculation.


"No way."


While the Vice-Leader was objecting, there was someone else who was also objecting.


It was none other than Cheong-ryeong.


As soon as the Society Leader made the proposal, Cheong-ryeong flew into a rage and sent an opposing opinion to Mok Gyeong-un.


– Ignore that bastard's proposal! It's a clan that plays with others using flattery and deception. It could be dangerous instead.


Mok Gyeong-un was puzzled by her agitation.


In fact, this was a good opportunity.


Even without going through other disciples, it meant he had gained an opportunity to directly communicate with the Society Leader.


Moreover, since he was already at odds with the Eldest Young Master Na Yul-ryang, if he became the Society Leader's disciple, Na Yul-ryang would lose justification to openly attack him.


That way, he could expand his power under the Society Leader's protection.


There was no way Cheong-ryeong wouldn't know about this golden opportunity.


However, for her to object to this extent,


'Is it a grudge?'


Just from her voice, he could tell how angry she was.


Because of that, Mok Gyeong-un could be certain.


She wanted the destruction of the Heaven and Earth Society due to a deep-seated grudge, but at the center of that grudge was the Society Leader.


No, to be precise, it would be the Society Leader's predecessor.


However, with the passage of a hundred years, the previous Society Leader would have already grown old and died.


Therefore, for Cheong-ryeong, the focus of all her resentment would be his bloodline.


'…She can't tolerate me entering under the bloodline of someone who is practically her enemy?'


It seemed that was her state of mind.


Mok Gyeong-un was not used to the emotions of others.


However, he had directly experienced the emotion of hatred when he lost his grandfather, so he could fully understand why she was getting emotional.


Nevertheless,


– Please calm down.


– Calm down? This isn't a matter to be calm about. Even without becoming that bastard's disciple, there are plenty of ways for you and I to exact our revenge. So don't fall for his empty flattery.


– Then it would take too long.


– You, Mortal!


– Cheong-ryeong.


– Are you going to ignore my advice again and do as you please? Emotions are clouding your judgment.


– Nonsense! I am sufficiently rational…


– There's an opportunity to officially approach the Society Leader, and it's darkest under the lamp, so we can foster strength and lure him into letting his guard down. Cheong-ryeong, you should be able to think of this much.


– …


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Cheong-ryeong panted and didn't answer.


It was difficult for her to control her anger due to her grudge, but she recognized that Mok Gyeong-un's opinion made more sense at the moment.


– Think rationally. Shouldn't we rejoice instead?


– Rejoice?


– Yes.


– Do you think this would be joyful for me?


– Yes. It's joyful. Wouldn't it be the best for Cheong-ryeong if, after becoming the Society Leader's disciple and gaining his trust, we could plunge the blade of betrayal into his heart?


– !!!


At Mok Gyeong-un's excited voice, as if the mere thought of it thrilled him, Cheong-ryeong's anger subsided for a moment.


She had only thought of killing him, her anger flaring up at the thought of his bloodline.


But after hearing Mok Gyeong-un's words, she realized he was right.


'Letting that bastard's bloodline know what betrayal is?'


Yes.


This Mortal guy was right.


Just killing him wouldn't be satisfying.


They needed to take away everything related to him and make him experience the same feelings as her.


Only then would this hundred-year-old grudge be resolved.


– Can you really do that to him?


– If you want.


– …Then do as you wish.


Cheong-ryeong said.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un's lips twitched, then he knelt on one knee, clasped his hands together in a formal greeting toward the Society Leader, and spoke in a loud voice,


"How could I refuse such an honor when the Society Leader is willing to accept me? Please take me in as your disciple!"


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Vice-Leader Mong Seo-cheon shook his head.


"Please reconsider."


Although he said that, Mong Seo-cheon had already half given up.


The Society Leader never took back the words he had spoken.


Throughout his presentation of the reasons, the Society Leader had been looking at him with a displeased gaze.


The outcome was already predictable.


He would eventually push through with his intention.


At that moment, the Society Leader spoke,


"Do you think I would care about such things?"


'Ah ah ah.'


Is it going as expected?


However,


The Society Leader, who was about to continue, suddenly frowned and didn't speak.


This continued for a brief moment.


It was unclear why he was suddenly acting like this.


Then the Society Leader continued,


"…However, the Vice-Leader's opinion also makes sense."


"Pardon?"


"He has pledged loyalty, but there's the issue of his background, and his merits haven't been sufficiently verified, so objections from the Elder Council and executives are natural."


'What?'


Suddenly, the Society Leader was advocating for his opinion.


Although he had his moods, he rarely withdrew his opinion in situations like this.


But why was he doing this?


While he was puzzled, the Society Leader said,


"However, this child is the sole successor of the Moon Sword Technique."


"…"


"That alone is enough to appease the concerns about his background. Isn't that right?"


"…That's right."


The Moon Sword Technique.


Ah, he had forgotten about that.


Among the Elder Council and executives, except for a few, no one knew about this fact.


However, if they were to learn that Mok Gyeong-un had mastered the Moon Sword Technique, which had been lost for a hundred years, it would create a huge stir.


Not considering this important factor was an error in judgment.


At that, the Society Leader continued,


"However, this time, I will respect the Vice-Leader's opinion."


"Pardon?"


"If he successfully completes this mission, this child's merits and ideals will be sufficiently verified. Isn't that right?"


"That's…"


"That's?"


"…The Society Leader's words are correct."


This mission was very important.


Whether the Society Leader could return to the front lines or not could be determined through this mission.


Therefore, if he were to succeed in this mission, it would be enough to acknowledge his merits.


Moreover,


'If he goes to the imperial palace, it will be swarming with those righteous faction bastards. If this guy doesn't ask for their help or attempt to escape, he will certainly be verified as a person of our sect.'


His rapid growth and attitude were quite irritating.


He even thought that he might become a poison to the Society Leader instead.


However, if all of the above were satisfied, there would be no problem with the Society Leader accepting him as a disciple.


Rather, it would be a blessing for the sect to gain an outstanding disciple.


But,


'I should tell Mu-yak just in case.'


He felt he should have his son Mong Mu-yak monitor him.


If he were to discover even the slightest hint of different intentions, he would need to swiftly deal with him.


At that, the Society Leader turned his gaze to Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"Did you hear?"


"Yes."


"Complete this mission successfully. Then I will accept you as my fourth disciple."


"The mission?"


Mok Gyeong-un asked in puzzlement.


He had come here without hearing anything in the first place.


Then the Society Leader chuckled and pointed at the Vice-Leader with a nod, saying,


"The Vice-Leader will explain the mission."


With those words, the Society Leader approached Mok Gyeong-un and whispered,


"I hope you will meet my expectations."


Then the Society Leader turned around, his hands clasped behind his back, and left the training grounds.


Watching his departing figure, Mok Gyeong-un licked his lips.


'This has become troublesome.'


He thought it was an opportunity to directly become the Society Leader's disciple.


If that happened, he believed he could find out about the Ghost Sword within a short period of time, but as expected, nothing was easily resolved.


He had no choice but to take on that so-called mission.

 1

Only then could he become the fourth disciple.


***


-Thump thump!


Walking along the corridor, the Society Leader placed his palm against the wall and coughed violently.


"Cough cough."


The coughing lasted longer than usual.


Next to him, someone who had been hiding revealed themselves from a shadowed area.


"You have overexerted yourself."


"It seems so for the first time in a while."


The Society Leader wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and spoke.


The guy was more outstanding than expected, so he had to draw out more true qi, straining himself quite a bit.


The person who revealed themselves tried to support the Society Leader, who was leaning against the wall.


Then the Society Leader shook his head.


"No. It's fine."


"But…"


"There's no need to make a fuss. I know my body better than anyone."


"Understood."


At the Society Leader's words, the man in the shadows slightly lowered his head and answered.


Then, as if suddenly remembering, the Society Leader asked him,


"By the way, what was that thing you said earlier? That the guy seemed familiar?"


It was the Society Leader who had reluctantly postponed accepting him as a disciple due to the voice transmission telling him to stop.


If it weren't for that, he wouldn't have accepted the Vice-Leader's objection.


At the Society Leader's question, the person obscured by the shadows answered, "…It's not certain."


"Not certain?"


"He definitely resembles someone, but his identity, name, everything is too different."


"Resembles? Who does he resemble? Cough cough."


The Society Leader coughed violently and staggered. The man hurriedly walked forward to support him.


Thanks to that, the man's face, which had been obscured by shadows, was revealed under the bright lantern light.


He was a middle-aged man with a long scar above his left eyebrow, and in his right hand, he held a black sword that looked as if it had been burned.


The man, supporting the Society Leader, answered the previous question, "The Sickle-slaying Demon."

 3

"The Sickle-slaying Demon? Who is that?"


It was an unfamiliar nickname that the Society Leader had heard for the first time.


Then the man spoke in a meaningful voice, "A dead man who should have died."

 2