Chapter 208: Karma (5)

Indigo Spirit.


According to the Classic of Mountains and Seas, its roots of resentment are close to unforgettable wails, and its existence spans over three hundred years as an old resentful soul.


From the moment it reaches the Indigo Spirit level, it is evaluated to be extremely dangerous, surpassing the spiritual realm and comparable to high-level evil spirits like demonic beasts or diabolic beasts in rank.


It is said to be nearly impossible to exorcise because it is a moving small-scale disaster in itself.


Whoosh!


The pouring rain has completely turned to blood, filling the world with a crimson hue.


Along with the pungent smell of blood, the churning blood brought a spine-chilling fear to everyone present.


Even those who could be called masters, like Seop Chun and Mong Mu-yak, were no exception.


They were at a loss for words at the reality unfolding before their eyes.


Is this an illusion? Or reality?


It couldn't be called an illusion because all five senses were telling them it was real.


"Hueuk."


Splash.


"M-Miss!"


If even they were this startled, there was no way Woo-hyang, the ordinary human daughter of the estate owner, could bear to see this.


The man hurriedly supporting her as she collapsed also had a terrified expression.


He couldn't even look up, not knowing where to fix his eyes.


'What the hell is this?'


The exiled monk Ja Geum-jeong had his spiritual eyes opened and could directly see the dead and monsters with his own eyes.


But even he had never seen a sight like this before.


The world being dyed in blood seemed to be not just an illusion, but the resentful soul's spiritual power seizing this space itself.


'This can't be dismissed as a simple resentful soul…'


Just looking at the power encompassing the entire space, it had gone beyond the line of being dangerous.


For a moment, without realizing it himself, the words "Amitabha" almost came out for the first time since his excommunication.


Hoo.


Cheong-ryeong, who had fully manifested from the blood pooled on the ground, removed the long pipe from its mouth and exhaled thick smoke.


Then she said with a sardonic smile,


"How refreshing."


It had been a long time since she had released all her spiritual power and revealed herself.


She had suppressed her spiritual power as much as possible and hidden herself within the Heaven and Earth Society, but there was no need to do so here.


So it felt like she had been freed from all shackles.


To her, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smile,


"It should be fine to leave it to Cheong-ryeong, right?"


"Isn't that why you called me? Hohoho."


Cheong-ryeong laughed leisurely and looked at the resentful soul possessing the estate owner standing in front of the main hall where the blood rain had somehow extinguished the fire.


When the resentful soul's eyes met hers, it flinched involuntarily.


That's how clear the difference in rank was between the two resentful souls.


One was an Indigo Spirit rank with a resentment spanning over three hundred years, and the other was a Blue Spirit rank resentful soul whose resentment had reached a hundred years.


'How can such an existence…'


The Blue Spirit rank resentful soul dwelling in the estate owner inwardly found it ridiculous.


It hadn't even noticed the fact that such an existence had entered its territory.


It was a truly bewildering situation.


The Blue Spirit rank resentful soul struggled to open its mouth.


"How has an existence like you descended to a place like this with mere humans?"


"That's none of your business."


"…"


At Cheong-ryeong's words, the Blue Spirit rank resentful soul couldn't easily express its emotions.


Because it was aware that hastily dealing with her when the difference in rank was clear could lead to trouble.


Splash!


Right then, the resentful soul possessing the monk Imun-hae knelt on the blood-pooled ground and said,


"High-ranked resentful soul. Though we may be resentful souls remaining in this world due to resentment, we do not invade each other's territories and grudges."


"Invade?"


"This place has been Lord Ha-yoon's territory for over a hundred years. Please respect his grudge…"


"A child is interrupting while adults are talking."


Swish!


With those words, Cheong-ryeong lightly waved her hand.


At that moment, hands made of blood erupted from the blood pooled on the ground.


Papapapapak!


Then the blood-stained hands grabbed the arms and legs of the resentful soul possessing the monk Imun-hae.


"Wh-what!"


"Kid, get lost."


As Cheong-ryeong made a gesture of clenching her fist,


Whoosh!


"Ah, no!!!"


The resentful soul possessing Imun-hae, grabbed by the blood-stained hands, was sucked into the blood on the ground along with the body.


As if the depth was an unfathomable abyss, not even a sound could be heard.


'!?'


Seeing a Yellow Spirit rank existence being treated like this in an instant, the expression of the Blue Spirit rank resentful soul, no, the resentful soul called Ha-yoon dwelling in the estate owner's body, stiffened.


Even among resentful souls, a respect forms between them as they become older.


That's because as their rank rises, they go beyond being swayed by resentment and instincts, and their reason and self become distinct.


This was even more so for high-ranking resentful souls that had reached the realm of evil spirits.


But the existence before his eyes that had reached the Indigo Spirit rank was not like that.


Rather, it had entered his territory and was openly showing hostility.


"High-ranked resentful soul. You and I have no animosity, so why have you entered my territory and are showing such hostility?"


"Hostility? Do you think this is hostility?"


"If not hostility, then why are you interfering with this? This is something that happened due to the karma created by the Woo family."


"I suppose so. There's no way an existence like you would move without a reason, right?"


Ha-yoon was an old resentful soul that had reached a high Blue Spirit rank.


For such an existence to try to destroy a household with a curse even though it's not directly entangled with resentment, it wouldn't do so unless something considerable had happened.


However, if they took that into consideration one by one, they would have to back down.


Therefore,


"But this side also has its own reasons."


"Reasons?"


"Yes. Even for the sake of your face as the master of this area, I advise you. End it at this point. Come out of that person's body right now."


At Cheong-ryeong's words that seemed to bestow mercy, the eyes of the resentful soul Ha-yoon turned cold.


That's because this place was its territory.


The numerous resentful souls in this area were angry due to what the Woo family had done, and it was the embodiment of their collective anger.


But it couldn't help but be enraged at her casually trying to interfere with their grudge.


"High-ranked resentful soul."


"…"


"Can you give up the grudge you hold because someone is suppressing you?"


Grudge.


That was the reason for the existence of resentful souls.


Telling a resentful soul trying to resolve its grudge to give it up was no different from telling it to erase its own reason for existence.


At Ha-yoon's words, Cheong-ryeong let out a faint sigh.


Low-ranked resentful souls sometimes yield their will under the pressure of power, but a resentful soul with a deep grudge enough to reach the Blue Spirit rank was different.


Even if they knew the gap in power, they didn't easily bend.


Moreover, it was a resentful soul that had taken root and had its own territory in the form of a earth-bound spirit.


"No choice then. I'll have to subdue you with power."


At Cheong-ryeong's words, the resentful soul Ha-yoon glared and said,


"I acknowledge that your rank is higher and stronger than me. But this entire area is my and our territory. No matter how much you increase your spiritual power, do you think that territory created by your spiritual power can reach me?"


It was right after those words ended.


Rumble rumble crash!


Along with the sound of thunder, the rain intensified.


Lightning flashed from all directions that had been dyed red with blood.


Then, as if a crack occurred, the space shimmered and shook.


"What is it?"


At Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong answered nonchalantly.


"Territory invasion."


"Territory invasion?"


"A resentful soul with a rank of Green Spirit or higher can create its own territory with spiritual power even outside the area where its grudge is embedded."


"Ah… the Ghost Realm."


He knew about this.


What was created by the strong obsession of a high-ranking resentful soul was none other than the Ghost Realm.


"This place is the bastard's territory where his grudge is tied. It has begun to invade by colliding with this seat's Ghost Realm."


If Cheong-ryeong had created her own Ghost Realm with her spiritual power, the resentful soul Ha-yoon's unique territory was this entire area where his grudge was embedded, not spiritual power.


A unique territory is a place where that resentful soul's grudge is embedded, so the spiritual power is maximized.


That's why the resentful soul Ha-yoon referred to this entire area as its territory.


Whoooooo!


Woooooo!


The cries of numerous resentful souls could be heard from all directions.


Looking around, countless resentful souls had gathered around this area to the point where it was difficult to count their number.


Even if their rank was low, this number was greater than the Corpse Blood Valley Cliff.


Just how many people had died here?


'Damn it. This is way too many.'


The exiled monk Ja Geum-jeong, who could directly see resentful souls, clicked his tongue.


It was filled with resentful souls in all directions to the point where it was impossible to tell if this was really a place where humans lived or hell.


The situation had become even more serious.


Can that bastard really solve this?


While he was puzzled,


"High-ranked resentful soul. I will return the words you said earlier. If you leave this area right now, nothing will happen."


"You've gotten quite triumphant, huh?"


"I am advising you for the sake of your dignity. Now, back away. The Woo family must receive the karma they have created."


Rumble rumble crash!


Thunder and lightning struck from all directions, and the surroundings dyed red with blood trembled.


The resentful souls filling the surroundings also seemed ready to push into this territory at any moment.


Right then, Cheong-ryeong raised the corner of her mouth.


Then she said with a sneer,


"Do you think this is all of my territory?"


"This entire area is my territory. No matter how much you further raise your spiritual power, in the end…"


It was before those words could even end.


At that moment, the dark clouds that had been darkening the sky turned crimson.


Then, the blood rain that had been limited to the surroundings of the main hall building spread to the entire village in an instant, and the nearby two hundred acres were completely dyed red.


'Wh-what the hell is this…'


The resentful soul Ha-yoon couldn't hide its bewilderment.


This area was a place where the grudges of itself and numerous resentful souls were embedded.


Completely ignoring such a unique territory, she had covered this entire area with her Ghost Realm.


But it didn't end there.


Cheong-ryeong raised the long pipe she was holding.


Then,


Thud thud!


The heavy crimson raindrops suddenly stopped.


The sight of the dense crimson droplets suspended in the air was truly bizarre.


Right then, Cheong-ryeong smiled and waved the long pipe.


At that moment,


Whoosh!


The suspended blood droplets shot up in reverse.


The blood rain droplets that shot up in reverse flew towards the resentful souls surrounding the entire estate as if being fired.


Papapapapapapapang!


As a result, the spiritual bodies of the resentful souls that had flocked were torn to shreds.


They couldn't withstand the overwhelming spiritual power.


Unable to endure the blood droplets spreading in all directions, the resentful souls eventually scattered in confusion.


!!!!!!


At this sight, the face of the resentful soul Ha-yoon distorted miserably.


'…To the level of ignoring even the unique territory?'


This was a devastatingly overwhelming rank.


No matter how much the rank reached the Indigo Spirit level, this was way beyond imagination.


Cheong-ryeong said to the bewildered resentful soul Ha-yoon with a sneer,


"What to do? Now this entire area is all my territory."


"…"


At her sarcastic words, the resentful soul Ha-yoon couldn't say anything.


That's how vast the gap between them was.


Right then, Mok Gyeong-un said,


"There's no time, so let's wrap it up now."


"Indeed."


The resentful soul Ha-yoon turned its trembling eyes to Mok Gyeong-un.


Just what is the identity of that human?


How can such a high-ranked resentful soul follow the orders of a mere human?


It was something utterly incomprehensible.