Chapter 210: On the Boat (1)

Most of the able-bodied men at the estate were retired soldiers from the naval Heavenly Defense Unit.


They moved in unison, placing wooden pillars that would serve as rollers and moving the boat that had been anchored not far from the estate.


What was surprising here was that these dozen or so soldiers were possessed by resentful spirits.


Someone clicked their tongue while looking at them.


"In all my life, this is the first time I've seen something like this."


It was the monk Imun-hae.


The original reason he had come here was to save Woo In-yeom, the owner of the estate.


However, with his skills that were merely at the Profound-level diviner, the lowest among the Four Arts of the Sun and Moon Monastery, he couldn't suppress a high-ranking resentful spirit of the Blue Spirit level, and instead, he was even possessed by one of the resentful spirits.


But now, the resentful spirit had left his body, and through the exiled monk Ja Geum-jeong, Imun-hae heard about what had happened so far.


"The outcome is truly bitter. Indeed."


"Tsk tsk. How could I have known? It's all karma."


With those words, the exiled monk Ja Geum-jeong gulped down the liquor contained in the gourd bottle.


At first, he had thought that the resentful spirits were the root of the problem.


But now that he knew the actual cause, he couldn't possibly defend the Woo family and their servants.


"Keu. The liquor tastes bitter today."


"You always said it was sweet, but now it suddenly tastes bitter?"


"Look here, Mun-hae. No, Master monk. Do you know what this drunkard has been realizing these days?"


"What is it?"


"In the end, there is no true right or wrong in living."


"Right or wrong… That's right. You're correct. Isn't that how all worldly matters are?"


"When I was in the mountain temple, I thought that only what was written in the scriptures was the absolute truth and that all people were in the process of realizing truth, goodness, and beauty."


He really believed so.


However, Ja Geum-jeong, who had been excommunicated and entered the world, saw and experienced many things and realized that it wasn't the case.


The world was more complex than he thought and had many emotional factors.


Isn't it the same now?


It wasn't the living that were pitiable, but there was a heartbreaking story behind the dead.


"Truth, goodness, and beauty, my ass."

 1

The world was no different from rough waves.


Everyone was just swept away by those waves.


[Look at the world and experience it directly. Listening through someone else's ears and reading books is no different from covering your eyes and plugging your ears.]

 1

'Your words are correct, Master.'


The words of the one he could no longer call his master came to mind.


Ja Geum-jeong, who had been shaking his head, took another swig of liquor and asked,


"By the way, are you alright?"


"I'm fine. But tell me. Was I really that badly injured?"


"…"


Ja Geum-jeong stared intently at Imun-hae, who asked back.


His body was truly fine.


Originally, the bone of his elbow had protruded, and even his shin bone was broken.


But before that long-time courtesan-like fellow made the possessing resentful spirit come out, he told it to heal the body, and the injured parts were really healed.


'That bastard must have been rough knowing this.'


Otherwise, there was no way he would have been so brutal while claiming to save the possessed person.


Well, whatever the case, as long as Imun-hae wasn't harmed, he had no intention of blaming him.


Imun-hae said to Ja Geum-jeong, who was clicking his tongue,


"But will you be alright?"


"What do you mean?"


"You said you would do anything that fellow asks of you because of me, right?"


"Don't worry about it."


"How can I not worry? If you get in trouble because of me…"


"Enough. I'm just repaying what I've received so far."


"What have you received from me?"


At those words, Ja Geum-jeong smiled, revealing his yellow teeth with a fierce expression.


"I've received a lot. Yes. I've received a lot indeed."


Ja Geum-jeong was always grateful to Imun-hae.


If it weren't for him, he might have really gone insane by now.


He believed that the reason he could still function as a human being was all because Imun-hae acknowledged these cursed eyes of his.


"Oh, you're making me embarrassed for nothing."


Pat pat!


Ja Geum-jeong patted his shoulder and said,


"That's what I meant to say. Anyway, don't worry. Do you think this drunkard can't take care of himself?"


"You treat yourself too roughly, that's why."


"I told you not to worry. Hehehe. Anyway, I should go and pay off my debt to that long-time courtesan-like fellow."


With those words, Ja Geum-jeong crossed his arms and walked towards Mok Gyeong-un, who was standing on the hill.


As he approached from behind, Mok Gyeong-un opened his mouth as if he had been waiting.


"Your close friend is alright, I presume?"


"Yeah. As you said, he's perfectly fine."


"He must have consumed some energy to recover, but he should be fine. Then, will you settle the agreed-upon price?"


"Of course. I'll definitely do that. Tell me what you want."


Now that he had confirmed that the monk Imun-hae, whom he considered his only friend, was fine, he was determined to keep the prior agreement no matter what.


Then Mok Gyeong-un turned his head and said,


"Then let me receive the formula of the Unsurpassed Power."


"What?"


As soon as those words ended, Ja Geum-jeong's expression hardened.


He had been worried about what Mok Gyeong-un would demand.


But he never expected the words Unsurpassed Power to come out of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth of all things.


"You…"


"Didn't you say you would do anything as long as I don't ask for your life?"


"…"


Ja Geum-jeong was at a loss for words at Mok Gyeong-un's remark.


Of course, he had said that.


But how could he have known that a request that was considered taboo in the martial arts world would come from the mouth of an expert who could use advanced techniques like void grasping?


The bewildered Ja Geum-jeong finally opened his mouth.


"…The Unsurpassed Power belongs to Shaolin."


"But you learned it."


"I am an exiled monk. You should know well what that means."


"Yes. That's why I'm asking you to teach me the Unsurpassed Power."


"Haa…"


"You're not going to break the agreement, are you?"


"I'm not saying I'll break it. It's just that it's difficult."


Ja Geum-jeong sighed.


Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head and asked,


"What's difficult?"


"Two things are difficult."


"Two things?"


"Yes."


"What are they?"


"First, even if I'm an exiled monk, as a former disciple of Shaolin, I can't release Shaolin's secrets to the outside. That would be the case for most sects, not just Shaolin."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled.


Then he asked,


"Since you say that, I want to ask something I was curious about."


"What is it?"


"Being an exiled monk means you were excommunicated from that sect, so why did they leave your martial arts intact?"


"That's…"


There was a circumstance he couldn't reveal.


It was also related to his master, Sutra Pavilion Master Gong-jeon.


Originally, as Mok Gyeong-un said, Shaolin also cuts off the energy meridians or destroys the danjeon of a monk who is excommunicated.


However, Grand Monk Gong-jeon had secretly sent him out of Shaolin five days before the originally scheduled excommunication ceremony.


As he sent him out, Grand Monk Gong-jeon strongly advised him.


[If someone asks about the breathing technique you learned, tell them it's the Unsurpassed Power.]


[What? This is just…]


[Yes. It's a coincidence I realized while looking at the traces on the wall during Bodhidharma's wall-facing meditation. But tell them it's the Unsurpassed Power.]


[Why is that?]


[So that you can preserve your body intact.]


'!?'


[If you say that you, Deok-mun, no, Geum-jeong, have mastered the Unsurpassed Power that hasn't even been restored yet, Shaolin won't be able to touch you easily. No, this poor monk will make it so.]


[…Master.]


Ja Geum-jeong had no great attachment to martial arts.


He was going to be excommunicated anyway, so what difference would it make if he lost it?


However, he couldn't help but be moved by his master's consideration.


[Don't be too distressed about having those eyes. There is a reason for everything. So live firmly and freely as much as you suffer.]


That was the last conversation he had with his master, Grand Monk Gong-jeon.


Since then, whenever someone questioned his martial arts as the Unsurpassed Power while Ja Geum-jeong roamed the martial arts world, he neither denied nor affirmed it.


It was because he wanted to keep his master's request while not telling a lie that would disgrace the sect.


'I thought it would be enough even if I didn't explicitly say it.'


He never thought that someone unrelated to Shaolin would demand the Unsurpassed Power like this.


In fact, who would dare to covet the martial arts of Shaolin, which could be called the heart of the Central Plains?


It was a truly bold request.


Then Mok Gyeong-un said,


"Seeing that you're not answering, is the rumor true?"


"Rumor?"


"Yes. I heard that Shaolin can't touch you because they haven't been able to restore the Unsurpassed Power."


"…"


Ja Geum-jeong didn't answer anything to this.


It was half-true and half-false, but he couldn't reveal it for the sake of his promise with his master.


"You're not denying it. Then what's the second difficulty?"


"That's…"


"That is?"


"There is no such thing as a formula for the Unsurpassed Power."


"What?"


At these words, Mok Gyeong-un frowned.


Does it make sense to say that he doesn't know the formula of the cultivation method he learned?


However, this was the truth.


'I realized this by looking at the traces on the cliff of the wall-facing hall in the Bodhidharma Cave. But no one except me could see those traces.'


It was a truly strange occurrence.


Even his master, Sutra Pavilion Master Gong-jeon, was the same.


To share this realization with Grand Monk Gong-jeon, he showed him the cliff of the wall-facing hall, but even he couldn't see the traces.


[Can you really see the traces?]


[It's true.]


[Oh… Amitabha. It's a truly mysterious thing.]


Because of that, Ja Geum-jeong could know.


The fact that only he could see these traces.


'Although I can't reveal the fact that it's not the Unsurpassed Power, if he finds out there's no formula, he won't be able to make this request anymore.'


It didn't matter even if he didn't believe it.


Because he definitely wasn't lying.


As expected, Mok Gyeong-un looked at him with suspicious eyes.


Ja Geum-jeong didn't avoid his gaze.


After staring for a while, Mok Gyeong-un finally said,


"How did you learn it if there's no formula?"


"…I don't know. I also suddenly realized it after seeing the traces left on the wall."


"You suddenly realized it?"


"Yes."


"Hmm."


"Even if you can't believe it, I can't help it. This is the truth, I swear to the heavens."


At his vow, Mok Gyeong-un clicked his tongue softly.


In fact, Mok Gyeong-un didn't believe in such words of swearing to the heavens.


However, looking at Ja Geum-jeong's confident attitude of not avoiding his gaze at all, it seemed like it wasn't a lie.


"Realizing a cultivation method without seeing the formula…"


"I can't teach it not only because of the first difficulty but also because of the second reason. I hope you understand that."


"Understand…"


"Yes."


"What if I can't understand?"


"What?"


"I really want to learn that from you."


"…How can I teach something when I don't even know the formula? And I already said I can't give you Shaolin's secrets."


"Even if I kill that monk Imun-hae?"


'This bastard!'


As soon as those words ended, Ja Geum-jeong's expression distorted fiercely.


He may not care about others, but he absolutely couldn't forgive anyone touching his master, Grand Monk Gong-jeon, and his only friend, the monk Imun-hae.


"Then one of us will have to die here today."


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and said,


"Will it really be me?"


Unlike his laughter, the thick murderous intent emanating from his eyes.


Feeling this, Ja Geum-jeong's hands and feet trembled faintly.


How can a guy who hasn't even reached his prime have such a strong oppressive aura?


"…Even if this drunkard dies, if you touch Imun-hae, I will never forgive you."


He was fully prepared.


If he had cared about his life, he would have already told everything.


Mok Gyeong-un, who had been closely observing Ja Geum-jeong's reaction, shrugged his shoulders and said,


"It seems to be true."


'Huh?'


Ja Geum-jeong, who had been gathering energy in his fists and was ready to fight at any moment, couldn't hide his bewilderment.


Mok Gyeong-un said to him,


"Seeing that someone who cherishes that monk's life so preciously only considers fighting with his life on the line as the answer, it doesn't seem like you're trying to deceive me."


"Ha! Are you testing this drunkard now?"


"If it's a test, then it's a test. I don't believe in those lip service words of swearing to the heavens."


"…"


So he was testing him?


Ja Geum-jeong clicked his tongue.


However, if he could make Mok Gyeong-un give up his request for the Unsurpassed Power even in this way, he didn't mind.


"It's unpleasant to be tested, but since the reason I couldn't accept your request was the cause, I won't blame you. Instead, tell me your other request."


"If you're going to make excuses one after another, there seems to be no point in even making a request."


"Damn it! This isn't because I'm deliberately trying to refuse, but because I really can't help it."


"Yes, yes. I'm sure that's the case. So if you refuse the request again this time, I'm thinking of just putting the resentful spirit back into that person's body."


"What?"


"Wasn't that the condition between us in the first place? If you can't accept it, we just return to the original state."


Gnash!


Ja Geum-jeong gritted his teeth at Mok Gyeong-un's words.


It wasn't wrong, but he couldn't help but get angry at him threatening like this.


So Ja Geum-jeong struck his thick chest with his fist and said,


Thud thud!


"Fine. Then I'll make a clear oath."


"An oath?"


"Yes. As long as it's not asking for my life, demanding the Unsurpassed Power, or harming Shaolin and Imun-hae, I will agree to anything. If I can't keep this, I will end my own life right here."


"Oho. Really?"


"A man does not speak with two mouths."


At his strong pledge, Mok Gyeong-un nonchalantly said,


"Good. Then kneel right here and swear loyalty to me."


'!?'


Once again, at the unexpected request, Ja Geum-jeong was momentarily at a loss for words.


At his reaction, the corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth curled up sardonically.


If he couldn't have the formula, it would be enough to slowly examine it while keeping Ja Geum-jeong by his side.


As a bonus, he would also gain a useful slave.