Chapter 225: Lady Seo, the Imperial Noble Consort (2)

The leader of Eastern Depot raised his voice.


"Oh my, how impudent not to kneel even then."


At his shout, Gan-yang, the leader of the advance party, calmly steadied his breathing.


This was undoubtedly an attempt to gain the upper hand.


Getting agitated here would only ruin matters.


'No choice.'


Right now, the side in the disadvantageous position wasn't Lady Seo, but themselves.


Thus, Gan-yang knelt on one knee, bowed his head, and greeted with even more decorum.


"We pay our respects to Her Majesty the Imperial Noble Consort."


The other members then surreptitiously glanced at Mok Gyeong-un to gauge his reaction.


Mok Gyeong-un slightly raised the corners of his mouth, then knelt on one knee like Gan-yang and joined his hands in a formal greeting.


Seeing this, the others followed suit and paid their respects.


"We pay our respects to Her Majesty the Imperial Noble Consort."


At their deferential greetings, the leader of Eastern Depot turned his head to look at Lady Seo sitting beyond the curtains.


He was seeking her opinion on how to proceed.


They could make them fully prostrate to show even more respect, but these were people from the martial world.


If they kept provoking them unnecessarily, it could lead to trouble, so they needed to moderate the pressure they applied.


Lady Seo lightly raised her hand.


The leader then spoke to the kneeling group.


"Her Majesty has accepted your greetings, so rise."


'…This is different from what I heard.'


Gan-yang clicked his tongue inwardly.


According to Yoo-bong, who had infiltrated as a Eastern Depot eunuch, it was true that Lady Seo had gained absolute power after becoming the Imperial Noble Consort. However, she hadn't forgotten the support from the Heaven and Earth Society all this time, so she would maintain a certain level of propriety.


But the current atmosphere was not like that at all.


Rather, she seemed intent on thoroughly establishing the hierarchy from the start.


As they were currently in the disadvantageous position of needing to make a request, they had no choice but to go along with it for now, but it was increasingly worrying.


"The guests shall sit at the tables prepared on either side."


The leader gestured to the neatly arranged dining tables on both sides.


The pavilion could be considered the seat of honor, with the area in front being the lower seats.


-This is why you don't deal with imperial family members or palace people. Those bastards think they're the center of the world.


Cheong-ryeong spoke in an irritated voice.


She had experienced a time when the government and martial world were strictly separate, so she didn't like this situation very much.


Of course, Mok Gyeong-un didn't seem to mind at all as he quietly went and sat in an empty seat.


Once everyone was seated, a voice came from inside the pavilion.


"Raise the curtains."


"Your Majesty, how could…"


"I said to raise them."


"As you command."


The palace maids inside then lifted the curtains that had been obscuring the interior of the pavilion.


This revealed an exquisite feast that made the tables groan under its weight and a beautiful woman wearing red, splendid clothes that exuded dignity and allure.


Seop Chun almost let out an exclamation without realizing it.


Seeing her breathtaking beauty even though she was over thirty, he could understand why the Emperor favored her so much.


Moreover, as one of the Four Great Evils who held sway over the power of this nation, there was something overwhelming about her presence that seemed to suck you in, along with her beauty.

 2

She opened her mouth.


"You must be tired from the long journey."


Gan-yang bowed his head and replied.


"Not at all, Your Majesty. Rather, we are ashamed to have you meet us in such a humble place."


He tried his best to ingratiate himself with her.


However, Lady Seo snorted at his words and said,


"Enough, this isn't the palace, so there's no need to flatter me with such empty words."


"…My apologies."


How troublesome.


He didn't know which tune to dance to.


If he didn't flatter her, he would be called impudent, and if he did, it would be considered insincerity.


He couldn't understand why she was being so sharp from the very beginning when they hadn't even properly brought up the main topic yet.


'There is one contingency plan, but…'


He hoped it wouldn't come to the point of using that.


Because if they used that plan, it would mean losing Lady Seo as a card along with this current matter.


However, the Society had told them to complete the mission by any means necessary.


That implied they were prepared to discard this card as well.


'But I won't let it go that far.'


Gan-yang opened his mouth, trying his best to put on a smiling face to lighten the mood.


"Your Majesty, the duck meat at this Hwa-yang Pavilion is unparalleled…"


"I told you there's no need for flattery."


"..."


At her words, not only Gan-yang but all the members of the Heaven and Earth Society had stiff expressions.


Anyone could tell Lady Seo's tone was sharp.


She still didn't know their true purpose.


She only thought they wanted her authority to allow them to participate in the Imperial Guard's martial arts competition.


The cunning woman had counter-demanded they send late-stage disciples from the Society's main branch in response to this request.


The reason was that even in the orthodox martial world, it would lack justification to send late-stage disciples from the Old Demons Sect or renowned martial families to the Imperial Guard's martial arts competition.


'We agreed to this, so why is she being so sharp?'


It didn't make sense.


However, as he had resolved to endure any humiliation, Gan-yang spoke without revealing much.


"I was trying to lighten the mood with some casual conversation, but it seems I've unintentionally displeased Your Majesty. Please be magnanimous…"


"Enough, let's cut to the chase and get to the main point."


"Pardon?"


"Didn't you hear me? I said let's get to the main point."


Gan-yang frowned at Lady Seo's words.


He had prepared gifts and planned to bring up the main issue when the mood mellowed over dinner.


But he was baffled by her abruptly bringing it up like this.


"Your Majesty."


"Why do you look so surprised? We're just going to discuss what has already been communicated between us."


"That's true, but for you to bring it up so quickly is truly…"


"Disconcerting?"


"..."


"You planned to wait until the mood was right before bringing up the real matter, but I've thoughtlessly disrupted that flow, haven't I?"


Gan-yang's eyes narrowed at her words.


Until a moment ago, he had simply thought it was an issue with Lady Seo's mood.


But it seemed that wasn't the case.


'Surely not…'


-Swish!


Gan-yang's gaze then shifted to Yoo-bong, who was standing next to the leader of Eastern Depot.


As if by chance, Yoo-bong's eyes met his, and he covered his mouth with his sleeve, showing a smiling expression towards Gan-yang.


It looked almost like a sneer.


'!?'


Seeing this, Gan-yang's eyes trembled.


He had a suspicion, but it seemed his unfounded worries had come to pass.


'You bastard…'


As Gan-yang glared at him, Yoo-bong's lips moved slightly.


Judging by the shape of his mouth,


'My apologies?'


***


Just a few hours ago.


The leader of Eastern Depot patted Yoo-bong's shoulder as he exited West Benevolence Palace[1] and spoke.


-Pat pat!


[Good work. Have you finished your report?]


[Yes, sir.]


[Hohoho. With this, Her Majesty will trust you even more, Eunuch Yoo…no, Inspector Yoo.]


[Inspector? What do you…]


Among the eunuch ranks, the highest first-grade eunuch was called Tae-gam (태감).


Below that were So-gam (소감), Inspector (監丞), Attendant (奉御), and ordinary eunuchs without specific positions.


Originally, Yoo-bong was just an ordinary eunuch.


The leader spoke to him with a satisfied expression.


[Her Majesty has ordered your promotion and salary increase for this matter.]


At the leader's words, Yoo-bong bowed with a flushed face to express his gratitude.


[Aaaah. I am simply grateful.]


He was truly delighted to become an Inspector with the 5th-grade court rank.


He had thought he would spend his life as a Society agent after being castrated, becoming neither man nor woman.


But the leader had pulled him out of that pit.


Just because one was a eunuch didn't mean they couldn't advance in the world.


They could climb even higher.


'I'm not who I used to be.'


The leader had corrected his misguided thoughts.


He couldn't end his life as a mere agent or low-ranking eunuch, could he?


Yoo-bong cautiously said to the leader,


[Leader…will you also teach me new techniques as promised?]


[New techniques? Of course! How could that be difficult for someone who will become the right-hand man of Jang Oh-taek? Hohohoho.]


At his words, Yoo-bong was overjoyed inwardly.


He had only learned inner energy cultivation and four techniques, but in just one year, they had made him stronger than Gan-yang or Ok-gi – the Rising Phoenix Imperial Secret Art.


What would happen if he mastered it completely?


The leader tightly grasped his trembling shoulder, likely from excitement, and spoke with a sharp smile.


[There is much to be done for Her Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince. Continue to do as you have.]


[I shall keep that in mind. I shall surely keep it in mind.]


***


Seeing the shape of Yoo-bong's mouth, Gan-yang inwardly realized.


He had betrayed the Society.


Most of the agents sent undergo a thorough loyalty test.


Because if even one agent turns their back or acts as a double agent, it could lead to a major incident that blows back on them.


Thus, most of the agents deployed in the field not only go through loyalty tests but also have restrictions or various sanctions placed on them. However, Yoo-bong seemed to be free from that, though he didn't know what method he used.


'This is the worst.'


He hadn't anticipated a traitor emerging in this situation of all times.


He didn't know what Yoo-bong had told Lady Seo, but it was clear their request had hit a snag.


At this rate, he would have no choice but to pull out his final card.


Just then, Lady Seo opened her mouth.


"How bold. No matter how favorably I view you all, to think you would dare try to break out a criminal imprisoned in the underground palace prison…"


"Your Majesty, that's…"


"That is committing treason."


"..."


Gan-yang's mind grew complicated at her accusation.


Her words were very different from before.


It seemed Yoo-bong had thoroughly informed her of their objectives.


Gan-yang calmly opened his mouth again.


"Your Majesty. How could we…"


"Shut that mouth."


"..."


"You dare try to involve me in an act of treason and still have the gall to prattle on with that loose tongue of yours."


"..."


"You all should be grateful you aren't immediately executed."


-Swish!


As she raised her hand, the hidden experts revealed themselves.


As they already knew they had been concealing their presence, neither the advance party nor the rear party was surprised by this.


The problem was that the situation had become complicated.


Lady Seo's lips twitched at their disconcerted appearance.


She recalled the conversation she had a few hours ago with the leader of Eastern Depot and the middle-aged man in gray official robes on the left side.


***


[Your Majesty. Why don't you try using this against them?]


[Leader. What do you mean by that?]


[If you agree to their demands, it could bring great harm to both you and His Highness the Crown Prince.]


[Who doesn't know that? But they have supported me since my days as a noble consort, so they may hold even the tiniest weakness against me.]


[That is why you must take advantage of this situation.]


Lady Seo asked in puzzlement at his words.


[What do you mean?]


[You must cut ties with such thuggish people for the sake of His Highness the Crown Prince's future anyway. This will provide sufficient justification.]


[Justification?]


[Yes. First, you must overwhelm them and break their spirit.]


[Overwhelm them?]


[They also know how much this request will harm Your Majesty, so they will approach cautiously. However, if Your Majesty takes the initiative, they will have no choice but to be put in a difficult position.]


[Even so, do you think they will give up easily?]


[Of course not.]


[Then what do you suggest next?]


[After overwhelming them, once it is clearly imprinted that their demands are unreasonable, make a counter-demand.]


[Make a demand?]


[Yes, that is correct. According to Eunuch Yoo…no, Inspector Yoo, they will have to agree to any demand in order to fulfill their mission.]


[Oh? Do go on.]


[Then Your Majesty should demand this of the pressured group – to take the life of either Prince Jong or Consort Ho.]


Prince Jong (棕王).


He was the second prince and originally the most likely candidate for Crown Prince.


Although Lady Seo's son had been appointed as Crown Prince, there were still many ministers who followed Prince Jong, making him a thorn in her side.


And Consort Ho (貴妃).


She hadn't entered the palace that long ago.


She was just a young girl who used to be a palace maid, but without any backing, she had bewitched the Emperor with her beauty alone and risen to the rank of Consort in just three years.


Although the Emperor's favor was still focused more on herself, that wench was still only twenty-two years old while she was approaching her mid-thirties.


As this balance could collapse at any time, Consort Ho was the one she most wanted to kill.


However, despite making several attempts to eliminate these two, she had failed each time.


In Prince Jong's case, it was unavoidable as he had many followers, but Consort Ho was utterly incomprehensible.


[Have them take the life of either Prince Jong or Consort Ho?]


[That is correct.]


[What if they refuse?]


Would the Heaven and Earth Society really take on such a risk?


This was an extremely dangerous matter for them as well.


[You needed a justification to end your relationship with them anyway, so you can use this as an excuse.]


[Oh? If they agree, that would be beneficial in its own way.]


[Indeed.]


[But if that happens, I will also have to aid them. What if that ends up holding me back?]


[You need not worry about that.]


[Don't worry, you say?]


[If they succeed in taking the life of Consort Ho or Prince Jong in response to the demand, we can definitively deal with them by linking it to the crime of helping a prisoner escape.]


At the leader's words, the middle-aged man in gray official robes who had been listening silently opened his mouth.


[If that happens, we shall protect Your Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince from the evil bunch of the unorthodox faction, the Heaven and Earth Society.]


***


Lady Seo, the corners of her mouth slightly curling up.


Everything was perfect.


She was grateful to the Heaven and Earth Society for supporting her both materially and spiritually in her rise to this position.


But this was as far as it went.


She knew they had supported her like this to use the Crown Prince and herself as puppets from behind the scenes.


Therefore, she would properly make use of them one last time before discarding them.


To that end, she had demanded they send proper late-stage disciples so they couldn't back out even after causing trouble.


'No matter what, you will all dance in the palm of my hand.'


Lady Seo sent a meaningful look to the leader of Eastern Depot on her right. It meant to definitively suppress them. The leader slightly nodded his head and likewise signaled with his eyes to the middle-aged man in gray official robes on the left side. The one his eyes pointed to was none other than Mok Gyeong-un. The middle-aged man nodded his head and half-drew his willow leaf saber from his waist.


-Shing!


The middle-aged man remembered what Yoo-bong, now Inspector Yoo, had said.


[There are no major problematic individuals in the advance party. However, among those who came with the rear party, two are the biggest issues.]


[Who are they?]


[Someone named Mok Gyeong-un and Mad Monk Ja Geum-jeong.]


[Mad Monk?]


At those words, the middle-aged man couldn't hide his shock. Mad Monk Ja Geum-jeong was known as one of the Three Madmen, with a notorious reputation. Even for someone like himself, if they fought, it might take several hundred moves before a victor was decided.


[Hohoho. Don't worry. We'll make sure Mad Monk Ja Geum-jeong can't come. But Sir Peng, you must definitely suppress the one named Mok Gyeong-un.]


[Is he that formidable?]


[Seeing as Mad Monk Ja Geum-jeong follows him, he must be at least a step above him.]


[Hmm. That's surprising. To think he's a step above that crazy excommunicated monk…]


However, based on the energy he sensed, Mok Gyeong-un was at most only at the pinnacle-stage of Peak Realm. He had heard this man could conceal his martial prowess, but he was a young lad not even in his prime yet, so he doubted if that was true. It was hard to believe a youngling like that was a step above the Mad Monk.


'But it doesn't hurt to be careful.'


Even in the orthodox martial world, there were geniuses called late-stage disciples who boasted tremendous martial arts. He just needed to think of it as fighting against such individuals. No matter how outstanding Mok Gyeong-un was, he had experience and years on his side. As long as he wasn't careless, he believed he could sufficiently suppress him.


Moreover,


'If worse comes to worst, I can call for reinforcements.'


His younger brother was waiting outside as support. Although younger than him and somewhat frivolous in conduct, his brother's martial arts were a step above his own, even though he had taken the path of officialdom.


-Swish!


Then shall we begin seizing the upper hand?


The middle-aged man in gray official robes was about to fully draw the half-drawn willow leaf saber. At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled, picked up a piece of fried duck meat from the table with his chopsticks, and put it in his mouth. He then chewed it thoroughly, swallowed with a gulp, and said,


"Delicious."


Everyone's attention was now focused on Mok Gyeong-un. In a situation where things could erupt at any moment, even Lady Seo snorted in disbelief at his nonchalant attitude, as if he was utterly carefree. Was this young man of outstanding appearance the top expert among the late-stage disciples sent by the Heaven and Earth Society that Eastern Depot's Inspector Yoo mentioned? The young lad seemed bold, but he didn't seem to grasp the situation.


-Swish!


Lady Seo nodded her head at the middle-aged man in gray official robes. He then fully drew his willow leaf saber and approached Mok Gyeong-un while emanating a powerful aura.


"How impudent of you when Her Majesty is pressing you."


"It felt like the conversation was dragging on too long with delicious food in front of me."


"Disrespectful brat."


"I didn't express any particular complaints. Is simply tasting the food such a great disrespect?"


"…Put down those chopsticks at once and kneel."


"I only picked up and ate a single piece, yet you're being so petty."


"Ha!"


He seems quite confident in his own martial prowess, doesn't he? In that case, let's see how impressive he is. The middle-aged man in gray official robes took a deep breath, then raised his inner energy to the 8th level and swung his saber towards Mok Gyeong-un's neck with a tyrannical momentum.


-Swooosh!


The middle-aged man naturally assumed Mok Gyeong-un would leap back to avoid this. However,


-Clang!


'!?'


In that instant, the middle-aged man couldn't hide his shock. That was because Mok Gyeong-un had caught the blade of his willow leaf saber with mere chopsticks.


'T-This bastard, who the hell…?'


As he was taken aback, Mok Gyeong-un looked not at him but at Gan-yang, the leader of the advance party sitting across from him, and spoke with a sharp smile on his lips.


"It seems wrong to just sit still. Don't you agree?"