Chapter 230: Desire (3)

'Su-submit?'


Imperial Consort Seo's eyes trembled like crazy.


She knew he wanted something, but she never expected him to demand it so blatantly.


'This bastard dares!'


No matter how cornered she was, she was the Imperial Concubine.


For a mere ruffian from the martial arts world to tell her, the mother of the Crown Prince of this nation, to submit to him?


How could he say such a thing unless he was truly insane?


If she had to die, she would rather die than submit to such a bastard just to save her life…


"You can't go to Her Majesty!"


At that moment, the eunuch Yoo-bong blocked Peng Seok-im, who was consumed by madness and desire.


However,


-Bam bam bam!


"Ugh!"


-Thud!


Yoo-bong was hit in the chest and abdomen by Peng Seok-im's lightning-fast punches and fell to his knees.


Yoo-bong, who couldn't even match Assistant Commander Jang from the Eastern Depot, had no chance of standing up to Peng Seok-im.


Even without using a sword, he was no match for him with his bare hands.


Peng Seok-im kicked the head of Yoo-bong, who was kneeling, and sneered.


-Thud!


"Ack."


"A eunuch brat dares to act up."


After easily knocking down Yoo-bong, Peng Seok-im looked at Imperial Consort Seo, licking his tongue, and said,


"Seo Yang-hyo. Let's see that beautiful flesh of yours."


With bloodshot eyes and heavy breathing, Peng Seok-im.


Seeing his appearance filled with desire, Imperial Consort Seo unknowingly took a step back.


Many men had coveted her over the years, but since it was inside the palace, they had maintained a minimum level of courtesy and didn't utter such vulgar words.


She felt extremely humiliated and frightened.


"P-Peng Seok-im, do you think you'll get away with this?"


"Get away? What does that matter? Seo Yang-hyo, once you taste this thing all night, you'll never be able to escape from it."


Peng Seok-im fondled his swollen manhood and said.


Seeing this, she turned her head away in disgust.


Was this the true desire and nature of that man?


It was too filthy.


If she were to be violated by such a man, she felt like biting her tongue and dying.


At this, she said to Mok Gyeong-un,


"Didn't you say you would grant all my wishes?"


"…"


"Mok Gyeong-un!"


Seeing Mok Gyeong-un ignore her, she bit her lower lip until it bled.


What kind of bastard was he?


Imperial Consort Seo shouted desperately,


"Are you even human? Do you intend to just leave a weak woman to be violated by that bastard?"


She appealed to his humanity.

 6

She had no intention of giving Mok Gyeong-un what he wanted.


At this, Peng Seok-im, who was approaching, glanced at Mok Gyeong-un and burst into laughter, saying,


"Hahaha. Are you asking a mere gigolo-like twerp for help?"


Even though he was consumed by madness and desire, his perception was still sharp.


In his eyes, Mok Gyeong-un seemed like a young lad who was merely at the peak level.


It was ridiculous to see her seeking help from such a young lad.


-Swish!


Peng Seok-im aimed his Evil Commandment Sword at Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"Hey, kid. Want to try blocking it?"


In response to his threat, Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly and stepped aside, replying,


-Swish!


"Of course not. Do as you wish."


"You! You bastard!"


Seeing this, Imperial Consort Seo was dumbfounded and at a loss.


Was he really going to just watch her, the mother of the Crown Prince and the noblest person in this country, be violated by such a lowly bastard?


To her, who was in distress, Mok Gyeong-un smirked and said,


"I wonder if His Majesty the Emperor would like a woman who has been violated by another man."


'!?'


The moment she heard these words, her expression stiffened.


She had only considered this moment to be humiliating, but upon hearing Mok Gyeong-un's words, various thoughts swirled in her mind.


If the Emperor found out that she had been taken by this bastard, he would be furious.


That fury might not just end with this bastard but extend to her and the Crown Prince, who had been defiled.


Then everything would end in catastrophe.


'No!'


Just thinking about it was utterly horrifying.


At this, Imperial Consort Seo wrapped her arms around her body and shouted at the approaching Peng Seok-im,


"D-Don't come! If you come, I'll bite my tongue and kill myself!"


"Kill yourself?"


-Paat!


At that moment, Peng Seok-im, who had been slowly walking and enjoying her frightened appearance, instantly closed the distance with a body movement technique and sealed her acupoints.


-Tap tap tap tap tap!


Her body instantly stiffened.


"Gasp!"


"That can't happen. I've been looking forward to this moment for so long."


"You! You!"


"Ah. Don't worry. I've made it so that only enough strength remains in your mouth to bite your tongue."


"What?"


"Since we're doing it anyway, wouldn't your wailing and screaming excite my thing even more?"


'!!!!!'


At his vulgar words, Imperial Consort Seo's face contorted in humiliation.


"Hehehe."


-Rip!


However, as if enjoying even this sight, Peng Seok-im laughed and tore her luxurious outer garment.


Revealing her white flesh and undergarments.


Unable to endure the shame as her clothes were torn, tears welled up in Imperial Consort Seo's eyes.


It was too humiliating.


Was she going to be violated by such a lowly bastard?


She looked at Mok Gyeong-un with trembling eyes.


'!?'


Imperial Consort Seo was at a loss for words when she saw Mok Gyeong-un looking at her with an expressionless face.


Was that bastard really human?


How could he have such an emotionless gaze even after seeing this?


-Grip!


"Aah!"


At that moment, Peng Seok-im grabbed her undergarment and the fabric covering her chest at the same time.


It seemed he was trying to tear them off at once and completely expose her upper body.


Even after seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un showed no particular reaction, standing with his arms crossed.


He was like an evil spirit with no humanity at all.


'How could the rain I encountered be from these bastards…'


It was truly a situation of being caught between a rock and a hard place.


Being violated by this filthy bastard and being cast out by the Emperor, or submitting and becoming subservient to that evil-like bastard, both were the worst-case scenarios.


-Rip!


At that moment, her upper undergarment and the fabric covering her chest were completely torn off.


Along with it, her voluptuous upper body was revealed.


Seeing her white and elastic appearance, unbelievable for a body that had given birth, Peng Seok-im licked his tongue and drooled.


Unable to move, she was fixed in place, her face flushed with shame as she shed tears.


Her appearance further excited Peng Seok-im.


"Hehehe."


-Grip!


"Aaah!"


Peng Seok-im roughly grabbed one of her breasts, and his other hand was already heading towards her lower body.


At this, Imperial Consort Seo finally shouted in desperation,


"I'll do it! I'll do as you say, so kill this bastard right now!"


At her outcry, Peng Seok-im sneered and said,


"No matter how desperate the great Imperial Consort Seo Yang-hyo is, to ask this lowly one to kill me, truly…"


"You heard her, right?"


At that moment, hearing the voice from behind, Peng Seok-im snorted.


Then, grasping the hilt of the Evil Commandment Sword with his right hand, he turned his head towards Mok Gyeong-un and said,


"Kid. This is your last chance. I'm in a great mood since I'm about to have a grand affair, so I'll let it slide just this once. Get lost right now."


"That might be difficult."


"Difficult? Ha!"


At this, Peng Seok-im got up.


Then, turning his body and aiming his sword at Mok Gyeong-un, he said in a low voice,


"You must be crazy, wanting to die. You gigolo-like bastard."


"You're out of luck."


"What?"


"If you hadn't coveted someone else's sword recklessly, none of this would have happened."


"What nonsense are you spouting!"


-Slash!


With a shout, Peng Seok-im swung the Evil Commandment Sword towards Mok Gyeong-un's neck.


It was so fast that it seemed to separate the head from the body in an instant.


However,


-Smack!


'!?'


Peng Seok-im's eyes widened.


That's because Mok Gyeong-un's palm had blocked the blade.


"What on earth…"


-Whoong!


At that moment, the blade of the Evil Commandment Sword, which had touched Mok Gyeong-un's palm, trembled and emitted a sword cry.


At this, Peng Seok-im, who was consumed by desire and madness, couldn't hide his surprise.


The sword was reacting to this young lad as if it were alive.


'The sword is resonating?'


What was happening?


"Now, please return my sword."


"Your sword?"


"Yes."


At those words, Peng Seok-im frowned fiercely and shouted,


"Don't spout nonsense! This sword is mine! It's not something a kid like you can covet!"


-Paat!


With that, Peng Seok-im removed the blade from Mok Gyeong-un's hand and tried to unleash a sword technique.


However,


-Crackle! Crackle!


At that moment, the blood vessels on the back of Peng Seok-im's hand holding the hilt of the Evil Commandment Sword bulged, and he couldn't control the inner energy of his hand as if he were possessed.


"Ugh!"


Unable to endure the pain, Peng Seok-im involuntarily released the hilt from his hand.


-Stab!


The Evil Commandment Sword, which had fallen from his hand, stuck into the ground and stood upright.


The blade trembled on its own, and Peng Seok-im had an expression of utter incomprehension at this sight.


"W-Why is it rejecting me?"


Although it was a demonic sword, he believed the sword had chosen him.


However, the sword was clearly rejecting him.


At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un grasped the hilt of the Evil Commandment Sword, which was standing upright on the ground, and pulled it out.


-Whoong!


The sword cry grew louder, and light flowed from the blade.


Seeing this, Peng Seok-im's eyes trembled.


Did this bastard really receive the choice of this demonic sword?


"Then, farewell."


"What?"


-Slash!


Before he could even finish his question,


Peng Seok-im, realizing that something sharp had brushed past his neck, was startled and grabbed his neck with both hands.


-Smack!


Then, Mok Gyeong-un lightly swung the blade of the Evil Commandment Sword to shake off the blood.


Seeing this, despair filled Peng Seok-im's eyes.


Ignoring him, Mok Gyeong-un approached Imperial Consort Seo, who was immobilized on the ground, and released the sealed acupoints.


-Tap tap tap tap tap!


With her acupoints released, she was startled and wrapped her arms around her chest.


It was humiliating, but her resentment towards Peng Seok-im was greater, so she glared at him and said,


"Why didn't you kill him?"


"I did kill him."


"You killed him?"


"Yes."


"What are you talking about? Isn't he still alive and well?"


Peng Seok-im, who was clutching his neck and looking anxious, was still alive.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and approached him.


Peng Seok-im moved his eyes from side to side, showing signs of rejection.


However, Mok Gyeong-un ignored this and placed his finger on his forehead, flicking it.


-Tap!


Then,


-Slide!


Peng Seok-im's head, which he had been barely holding, slid back and fell.


-Thud!


-Splat!


As the head hit the ground, blood gushed out like a fountain from the cross-section of the severed neck.


Seeing this, Imperial Consort Seo's eyes became dazed.


Although he was a vile bastard who had tried to violate her, seeing his decapitated corpse right in front of her made her feel like she was going to lose her mind.


'A monster… This bastard is a real monster.'


The eunuch Yoo-bong, who had been holding his broken nose, clicked his tongue inwardly.


He hadn't even seen the sword cutting the neck properly.


Moreover, even the person himself only realized it after being cut, hastily grabbing his severed neck.


It was truly a ghostly swordsmanship.


Shocked inwardly like that, the eunuch Yoo-bong hurriedly ran to Imperial Consort Seo and covered her with his outer garment.


"Ugh…"


Imperial Consort Seo trembled and wrapped herself in Yoo-bong's clothes.


Although it was better than seeing the severed head of Peng Seok-im's older brother, Paeng Yi-mun, it was still equally disgusting.


At this, Yoo-bong carefully said to Mok Gyeong-un,


"Her Majesty is having a hard time, so can you give us some time by changing the location?"


"That's not difficult."


Hearing this, Yoo-bong inwardly breathed a sigh of relief.


By naturally changing the location like this and entrusting Imperial Consort Seo to the palace maids, he should stay out of their sight for a while.


Having betrayed them, there seemed to be no benefit in lingering in front of them.


"Then, I'll escort Her Majesty for a moment…"


"Ah, I almost forgot."


"Pardon?"


To his questioning, Mok Gyeong-un shook his head.


"I'm not talking to you."


At this, Imperial Consort Seo, trembling, looked at him in confusion.


What did he almost forget?


Then, Mok Gyeong-un smiled brightly and said,


"Since you promised to submit, I thought I'd show you the end of a traitor."


'!!!!!'


As soon as those words were spoken, Yoo-bong was startled and tried to say something to Mok Gyeong-un.


"L-Lord Mok. I am also loyal to you…"


-Slash!


Before he could even finish his sentence,


In the blink of an eye, Mok Gyeong-un's sword was already above Yoo-bong's head.


Yoo-bong's eyes widened as if they would tear.


Then,


-Slide!


A vertical red line appeared in the middle of his face.


Imperial Consort Seo slowly turned her head to the side with trembling eyes.


As she turned her head, blood flowed from the red line, and Yoo-bong's body was split in half with a splat.


Blood spurting from the split body drenched her.


-Splat!


Stiffened by fear, she couldn't move a muscle.


Mok Gyeong-un gently stroked the blood-soaked cheek of Imperial Consort Seo and softly said,


"I believe you will conduct yourself well."