Chapter 232: The Disregard for the Embroidered Uniform Guard (1)

Early morning.


The Embroidered Uniform Guard Training Barracks' Head Instructor's office.


A middle-aged man in his late forties with a stern face and a scar on his chin bid farewell to a man in a blue officer's uniform who was leaving the office, his hands clasped together in a polite gesture.


As the man left, the middle-aged man plopped down into the chair behind the office desk.


Then, he let out a deep sigh.


'Hoo. I can't stomach this nonsense anymore.'


The middle-aged man's name was Seok Jeonwoong.


He was the Head Instructor in charge of educating the Embroidered Uniform Guard trainees and also served as the Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard.


As Seok Jeonwoong recalled the officer who had just come and gone, he couldn't help but snort.


'It's truly a predicament on how to handle this.'


The officer who had just visited was a man named Jang Chan, who held the 6th rank government post of Reader at the Hanlin Academy.


The reason for his visit was to make a request regarding the Embroidered Uniform Guard Warrior Examination.


Of course, such occurrences were commonplace.


It had been a constant ever since he took on the role of Head Instructor.


'His Highness, Prince Gyeongjin, must be growing impatient. Seeing as he even sent a close confidant of his faction to make a separate request.'


Among the eight individuals already set to be selected from the Embroidered Uniform Guard Warrior Examination, four of them were preselected candidates.


The actual power in this nation was divided into four factions.


His Majesty the Emperor's younger brother, Prince Gyeongjin; the Grand Preceptor Hang Yoon, who also held the position of Admiral of the Central Commandery among the Three Excellencies; His Majesty's second son, the Prince Jong; and the current Imperial Concubine from the Seo clan, who was the mother of the current Crown Prince.


The preselected candidates were divided among these four factions.


As the Emperor was still holding on, albeit barely, the balance was precariously maintained, but there would surely come a moment when that balance would shatter.


'His Majesty's illness has persisted for quite some time.'


If the Emperor were to collapse, it would mark the beginning of a catastrophe.


Since he did not attend the recent morning assembly, all the high-ranking officials sensed this ominous sign.


Hence, it was likely the reason Prince Gyeongjin had sent his man.


'It's unbearably troublesome.'


There was no way around the customary selection of half the preselected candidates.


However, starting from the previous occasion and now for this Embroidered Uniform Guard Warrior Examination, Prince Gyeongjin's side had requested that the remaining four spots, which were not assigned to preselected candidates, be filled entirely with their own talents.


Moreover, it wasn't simply a request.


[Instructor Seok, you are forty-nine years old, which means you are nearing the end of your term as the Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard. It is truly regrettable.]


Seok Jeonwoong's age was 49.


The term for serving as the Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard was until the age of 50.


After next year, he would have to complete his term and leave the palace.


[I heard that your son will be taking the civil service examination next spring. This year, he took the exam for the fourth time, so next year will be his fifth attempt. Isn't it about time for him to pass the exam and embark on an official career? As it happens, the Hanlin Academy is in need of talented scholars of the 8th rank.]


That shook him.


In other words, if he accepted the request, they would ensure his son's success in the examination.


This put Seok Jeonwoong in a considerable dilemma.


According to the assistant instructor at the National Academy, his son had the capability to pass the exam with flying colors.


However, despite being almost thirty years old, he had yet to pass due to the power struggles among the preselected candidates.


How could this be acceptable?


'It's because his father lacks influence.'


All the official positions were being filled by the children of those in high-ranking posts.


Regardless of their aptitude and abilities.


Seok Jeonwoong was originally not a commoner, but thanks to his merits on the battlefield, he was able to enter the Embroidered Uniform Guard and rise to the position of Commander.


However, that was the extent of it.


No matter how outstanding he was or how many achievements he made, he could not climb any higher.


Thus, he was limited to being the Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard, unable to provide any assistance for his son's official career.


[Let's do it this way. If His Highness's five recommended individuals can be included, I will petition for your promotion to the position of Vice Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard. Along with your son's success in the civil service examination, I believe these are not bad terms.]


In a way, this proposal from Prince Gyeongjin's side was truly irresistible.


If possible, he wanted to accept it and receive the rewards.


However, the problem was that it wasn't easy to do so.


Seok Jeonwoong glanced at the list of recommended individuals.


'Ha······.'


It was a spectacle to behold.


They were all individuals who were unqualified to be in the Embroidered Uniform Guard in the first place.


Only senior-grade trainees were eligible to take the Embroidered Uniform Guard Warrior Examination.


Yet, the individuals on the recommendation list were all junior-grade trainees who barely managed to keep up with the training process.


There was only one person who was an exception.


'Geum Jong-hyeon.'


From the beginning, Geum Jong-hyeon was a senior-grade trainee and the son of a 5th rank Lecturer at the Hanlin Academy.


Initially, Seok Jeonwoong thought he would be no different from other scholars' disciples, but at some point, he had demonstrated exceptional qualities that placed him among the top three in the entire Embroidered Uniform Guard.


For someone like him, he would have a high probability of passing even without a recommendation.


However,


'The rest are impossible.'


It would be unreasonable to forcibly promote junior-grade trainees to senior-grade and give them the opportunity to take the Warrior Examination.


If he were to do that, not only would there be backlash from the trainees, but he would also incur the wrath of the other factions.


For this reason, Seok Jeonwoong did not give a definite answer and sent Prince Gyeongjin's envoy back.


'What should I do?'


Although he had sent him back for now, tomorrow was the Embroidered Uniform Guard Warrior Examination, so he had to provide a response by today.


It was truly a situation where he was caught between a rock and a hard place.


If he accepts Prince Gyeongjin's request, he will face opposition from the other factions, but if he refuses the proposal, it will have adverse consequences one way or another.


'Aaaah.'


If only there was a suitable justification to refuse, but he couldn't find one.


Just then, a voice came from outside.


"Head Instructor. Assistant Commander Jang from the Eastern Depot seeks an audience with you."


"Assistant Commander Jang?"


The Assistant Commander of the Eastern Depot was a close confidant of Imperial Concubine Seo.


He was already having a headache dealing with someone from Prince Gyeongjin's side, and now Assistant Commander Jang was here early in the morning. What could be the reason?


Puzzled, Seok Jeonwoong opened the door and greeted him.


***


'Oh my. This is quite…'


Head Instructor Seok Jeonwoong couldn't hide his troubled expression.


The reason being that Assistant Commander Jang from the Eastern Depot had conveyed a difficult request from Imperial Concubine Seo, similar to that of Prince Gyeongjin's side.


'No. This one is even worse.'


Prince Gyeongjin's side at least recommended individuals who were already Embroidered Uniform Guard trainees.


The issue was that their abilities were somewhat lacking.


However, Imperial Concubine Seo's side requested that three outsiders, who weren't even trainees, be accepted as senior-grade trainees to take the Embroidered Uniform Guard Warrior Examination.


No matter how much power she wielded, this was unacceptable.


"Is it really that difficult when it is a request from Her Majesty the Imperial Concubine?"


At Assistant Commander Jang's words, Seok Jeonwoong sighed and replied.


"I apologize. The young man from the Habuk Peng clan, whom you had recommended in advance, at least comes from a renowned martial arts family, so if he proves his skills, it will be sufficient to convince the trainees and examiners. However, it is already problematic to replace him with someone else suddenly, let alone accepting two additional unverified individuals as senior-grade trainees of the Embroidered Uniform Guard. It is simply absurd."


In response to his words, Assistant Commander Jang rested his chin on the table and said,


"Let me ask you directly, Instructor Seok. Is it because of concerns about their abilities? Or are you worried about the backlash from other factions?"


"…It's both."


Seok Jeonwoong answered honestly.


It was already difficult to find a justification to reject Prince Gyeongjin's request, but if he were to accede to Imperial Concubine Seo's request as well, it would become even harder to find a reason.


Then, Assistant Commander Jang smiled and said,


"You need not worry about the verification of their abilities. They are the late-stage disciples sent by the Heaven and Earth Society."


"The Heaven and Earth Society?"


At these words, Seok Jeonwoong's eyes widened.


The Heaven and Earth Society was one of the three great powers in the current martial arts world.


Over the years, the palace had made countless requests to the Heaven and Earth Society to send talented individuals to foster friendly relations with the martial arts community.


However, each time, the Heaven and Earth Society had responded with silence.


Yet, they had sent their disciples through Imperial Concubine Seo?


This was quite a surprising development.


'If this is true, there may be no issue in terms of their abilities.'


It's not just any place, but the Heaven and Earth Society.


If they were sending late-stage disciples to the forefront for the first time, there was no way they would send weak individuals.


However, while he could understand and accept this, it would not be easy for the trainees and Prince Gyeongjin's side to readily…


'Ah!'


Suddenly, an idea flashed through Seok Jeonwoong's mind.


A clever plan that could solve both issues at once.


'Fight fire with fire!'


Using one group of barbarians to subdue another group of barbarians.


There was no need to agonize over how to handle these unreasonable demands from Imperial Concubine Seo's side and Prince Gyeongjin's side separately.


All he had to do was pit them against each other.


***


One hour later,


Near the Embroidered Uniform Guard trainee training grounds.


Jang Chan, who held the 6th rank government post of Reader at the Hanlin Academy, politely greeted an elderly eunuch dressed in a red official's robe with white face paint and a splint on one shoulder.


"I apologize for troubling you when you are still recovering from your injury. Eunuch Beom."


The elderly eunuch's name was Beom Jeung.


He held the position of Junior Supervisor Eunuch, So-gam in the Western Depot of the palace.


"Not at all. His Highness Prince Gyeongjin also asked me to oversee the matter, so it is only natural for me to assist."


"Thank you. As a mere civil official, I am unfamiliar with the proper conduct of the promotion duel, so I had to ask for your help, Eunuch Beom, as you are a skilled martial artist."


"Hohoho. This old man is still lacking. That is why I sustained this injury."


"Please do not say such things. Did you not risk your life to protect His Majesty? His Highness also said he would never forget your actions."


"Hearing such words from him, I am simply overwhelmed with gratitude."


"Your humble demeanor always teaches me a valuable lesson. Shall we proceed then?"


Scholar Jang Chan gestured with his hand and took the lead.


Eunuch Beom followed behind him, limping.


In fact, due to his injury, he could have delegated the task to another eunuch from the Western Depot, but curiosity compelled him to take part.


'The Heaven and Earth Society…'


He heard that the opponents in this promotion duel were from the Heaven and Earth Society.


Over the years, he had encountered many martial artists inside and outside the palace, but most of them were from orthodox sects.


Therefore, Eunuch Beom was curious about the prowess of those feared even by the unorthodox sects, so he expressed his intention to observe in person.


'If the Heaven and Earth Society is in collusion with Imperial Concubine Seo, it won't hurt to see their level of skills on this occasion.'


After all, they might soon become a threatening enemy to His Highness Prince Gyeongjin.


Just how formidable would the martial arts of the Heaven and Earth Society's late-stage disciples be?


"Ah! They are waiting over there."


Scholar Jang Chan pointed at the junior training grounds.


"Oh, I see… What?!"


Eunuch Beom, who had been limping along with anticipation, suddenly halted his steps upon seeing something, startled.


"Eunuch Beom?"


Scholar Jang Chan turned around, puzzled, and looked at Eunuch Beom.


His complexion had abruptly turned pale.


He was even trembling to the point of his body becoming stiff, but the reason was unknown.


'H-How can that fellow be here?'


Even from a distance, a man with exceptionally striking features stood out.


As soon as Eunuch Beom saw him, he was so shocked that he nearly lost strength in his legs.


'Am I seeing things?'


No.


That face was unforgettable, even in dreams.


He had narrowly survived that hellish place by sheer luck and prayed never to encounter that man again.


Yet, how could that fiendish fellow be here?


"Eunuch Beom?"


Scholar Jang Chan called out to him.


Finally regaining his senses, Eunuch Beom lowered his voice and spoke.


"…Are they the late-stage disciples from the Heaven and Earth Society?"


"Seeing as they are confronting our trainees, it appears so. But Eunuch Beom, do you recognize any of them? Why are you reacting like this?"


In response to his question, Eunuch Beom, his mouth parched as if his insides were burning, swallowed hard and said,


"Immediately… Tell them to immediately abandon the duel."


"Pardon? What do you mean by that?"


"It is a fight that cannot be won."


"Cannot be won? To make such a conclusion before even engaging in the duel…"


"It's futile."


Eunuch Beom firmly interrupted Scholar Jang Chan's words.


Then, with a trembling voice, he said,


"Even I cannot handle that monstrous fellow, so how can those youngsters possibly win?"


'!!!!!!!'