Chapter 246: Prince Gyeongjin (3)

Consort Ho.


The emperor had numerous women.


Among them, there was one woman who received his particular favor: Imperial Noble Consort Seo.


However, the dynamics within the Inner Court, which seemed like they would be maintained for a long time, changed at some point.


It was because of the sudden appearance of Consort Ho.


'A peerless beauty that one couldn't help but be captivated by.'


Everyone who saw Consort Ho showered her with praise.


The appearance of the palace maid who had just entered the palace was so outstanding that rumors spread, saying her beauty rivaled that of Imperial Noble Consort Seo in her prime.


The woman who entered the palace as a maid rose to the position of consort in just three years by enchanting the emperor with her appearance alone, without any backing.


As a result, even the four most powerful figures in the palace had recently become most wary of this woman who had captured the emperor's heart.


But why had Consort Ho appeared in the Bi-gyeong Palace, Prince Gyeongjin's territory?


And without any attendants or palace maids to serve her, no less.


Something was very strange.


-Tok tok!


In her hand as she walked, there was a fairly large cloth bundle, making it even more puzzling.


However, rather than her strange appearance, Chief Eunuch Ho of the Western Depot had to hurry and inform the emperor's residence of the enemy's infiltration, so he hastily clasped his hands together and bowed to her, saying,


"Consort Ho, I apologize for not being able to properly pay my respects due to the urgent situation. An unidentified enemy has infiltrated His Highness's quarters, so…"


"Enemy?"


"That's right. Therefore, I must request assistance, so I ask that you please return, Madam. I shall…"


"Wait."


At that moment, she called out to Eunuch Ho.


As the situation was already urgent, Eunuch Ho unintentionally answered in an irritated voice.


"Madam, there's no time for this…"


-Swish!


At that moment, Consort Ho threw the cloth bundle she was holding to Eunuch Ho.


The cloth bundle looked quite heavy, as it was sagging, but when she lightly threw it with one hand, Eunuch Ho caught it with a puzzled expression.


-Pak!


'She threw this with one hand?'


It was indeed quite heavy.


Since he was a man and had learned martial arts, he could easily catch it, but wasn't Consort Ho an ordinary woman who hadn't even learned martial arts?


Eunuch Ho asked,


"Madam, I don't know what this is, but I don't think I can deliver it to His Highness right away…"


"Look inside and see what it is."


At her commanding and arrogant tone, Eunuch Ho frowned.


Although she received the emperor's favor, he was the Chief Eunuch of the Western Depot, so he deserved some respect to a certain extent.


Therefore, Eunuch Ho thought he should just ignore her for now and leave.


After all, he had shown the minimum courtesy.


-Thud!


Eunuch Ho set the cloth bundle she had thrown on the floor.


And just as he was about to kick off the ground and launch himself,


-Pak!


At that moment, the wrapped cloth bundle opened on its own, and something inside popped out.


Unconsciously seeing this, Eunuch Ho,


'!?'


Was startled and took about half a step back.


That's because inside the cloth bundle was none other than a severed human head.


And not just any head, but the head of a woman,


'Th-This woman is…'


Eunuch Ho immediately recognized whose head it was.


The owner of this head was none other than the palace maid who had been assigned to Consort Ho's Auspicious Palace.


[Just put a little bit of this powder in soup dishes or strongly seasoned food.]


[Are you sure it will be alright?]


[Don't worry. This secret medicine is difficult to detect even for those who have learned martial arts or physicians with sensitive tongues. So, make sure to add it every day without fail.]


[Understood, Chief Eunuch.]


It was even the palace maid he had met not long ago to receive a progress report.


The moment he saw the severed head of that palace maid, Eunuch Ho couldn't help but reveal his emotions.


No, he couldn't help it.


The palace maid who had died with her neck severed wasn't dead with a distressed face, but was smiling brightly as if she was happy.


This was utterly eerie.


As he was at a loss for words due to this, a voice reached his ears.


"She looks so happy, doesn't she?"


-Swish!


Along with that voice, a hand rested on his shoulder.


And with a fragrance so sweet that it tickled his nose, Eunuch Ho's eyes shook wildly.


When did this woman get so close to him?


Even though he was surprised to see the severed head of the palace maid, he wasn't so disoriented that he couldn't sense someone's presence.


'Could it be that she has learned martial arts? No, but for that…'


There wasn't even a trace of her having learned martial arts.


If one had learned even a little bit of martial arts, it would show in their walking posture or movements.


Even the structure of their body would change to suit martial arts.


However, Consort Ho was not like that at all.


From her footsteps to everything else, it was difficult to find any traces of her having learned martial arts.


As he was confused, Consort Ho's voice was heard.


"You know, I'm rather refined, so I quite enjoy cooking in addition to raw food."


"…"


"But one day, someone started tampering with the food I enjoyed eating."


"Madam… what are you saying right now…"


-Swish!


Before he could finish speaking, Consort Ho's soft and small hand touched Eunuch Ho's neck.


There was nothing particularly stimulating his senses, but the moment her hand touched him, he instinctively felt a chill run down his spine.


"I'm not done talking yet."


"…"


Eunuch Ho unconsciously swallowed his dry saliva.


What the hell was this woman?


Just being close to her made it uncomfortable to breathe due to an inexplicable pressure.


Was she truly an incredibly supreme master beyond imagination?


As he thought that, she continued speaking.


"It's really interesting. Humans do similar things in every era. Whether it's decades ago, centuries ago, or millennia ago, as soon as they're slightly displeased, the first thing they tamper with is the food."


"…Madam, I'm truly sorry, but I have no idea what you're talking about…"


"Playing dumb is also the same."


"I really…"


"Enough."


"Pardon?"


"I just need to have some raw food for a change."


'!?'


-Stab!


At that moment, something burst through Eunuch Ho's chest.


It was none other than,


"Ugh… Ugh…"


A hand grasping his heart.


Eunuch Ho's eyes widened as if they would tear apart.


The sight of his heart, gripped by a blood-stained hand, beating and pounding, made him feel like he was going crazy.

 1

In his ear, Consort Ho whispered softly.


"A freshly extracted human heart is a delicacy because it's so fresh. It's yours, but do you want a taste?"


'!!!!!!'


At those words, Eunuch Ho, who had been coughing and turning pale, finally lowered his head.


Seeing him die faster than expected, Consort Ho pulled out the hand she had pierced through him and muttered regretfully.


"Maybe I should have tormented him a bit more before killing him."


Now that she had killed him, it felt like she had done it too easily.


Then, shaking her head, she brought the heart she was holding to her mouth,


-Chomp!


And took a crisp bite as if eating an apple.

 2

-Chew chew!


After thoroughly chewing and swallowing the heart, Consort Ho savored it with her eyes closed.


"Ah, this is why I can't quit raw food."


Boiled, grilled, and fried foods were delicacies, but they weren't staples.


She only felt like she was eating when blood and meat juices overflowed.


Like that, Consort Ho quickly devoured the faintly beating heart.


It didn't take long for her to eat it all.


"That was a good meal."


Consort Ho wiped the blood from the corners of her mouth with a handkerchief in a refined manner, like a lady.


After wiping the blood, Consort Ho turned her head toward Prince Gyeongjin's quarters.


Then, with an intrigued look in her eyes and a twitch of her lips, she grabbed the hair of the dead Eunuch Ho's head.


***


Around the same time in Prince Gyeongjin's quarters.


-Swish! Thud!


Mok Gyeong-un released his grip on Prince Gyeongjin's neck.


Prince Gyeongjin, whose legs had lost strength, knelt on the floor.


Although he had tried to hold him as gently as possible, Prince Gyeongjin, who had been suffocating from having his neck grabbed, coughed and caught his breath.


"Cough, cough."


Looking down at him, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged and said,


"An unexpected outcome."


"Cough, cough… what?"


"I thought that since he was someone who served you, if he had even a shred of loyalty, he would choose to save your life and his own, no matter what."


He had emotionally pushed him into a corner, but the result was slightly different from what he had expected.


Mok Gyeong-un smiled at this outcome.


"It seems that for those who have learned martial arts, their danjeon is much more precious than their loyalty to their master or their life."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Prince Gyeongjin, who had finally caught his breath, clenched his fists.


He inwardly felt betrayed by Chief Eunuch Ho's actions.


Since he had served him for a long time, he thought he would act according to his intentions.


However, he never expected him to choose to preserve his martial arts, contrary to those intentions.


'Eunuch Ho, how could you…'


It was truly disappointing beyond words.


To him, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smile,


"It's quite unfortunate. To think that a trusted subordinate would choose your death."


At those words, Prince Gyeongjin spoke with anger in his eyes.


"Are you going to kill me?"


"Since Eunuch Ho made his choice, shouldn't I?"


-Pak!


At that moment, Prince Gyeongjin prostrated himself toward Mok Gyeong-un and spoke in a desperate voice.


"Spare me."


He no longer had any dignity or pride as a prince.


Mok Gyeong-un's lips twitched, and he bent down and whispered in the ear of the prostrating Prince Gyeongjin.


"You know that sparing you won't benefit me at all, right?"


"Please, spare me. I don't want to die like this."


"You've become quite honest."


"…"


With a shred of self-esteem remaining, Prince Gyeongjin didn't respond to those words.


Then, he spoke with a strained voice.


"If you spare my life, I will shift the blame for your crimes onto Eunuch Ho."


"Oh."


"…I cannot forgive Eunuch Ho for turning his back on me like this."


"You're saying you'll make it seem like Eunuch Ho did everything."


"That's right."


At his words, Mok Gyeong-un smiled and said,


"For once, your thoughts and mine align."


At those words, Prince Gyeongjin's expression brightened.


He hadn't had high hopes, but it was no different from taking a gamble with a last-ditch effort.


But he never expected it to unexpectedly work.


Well, from this person's perspective, if he killed him, the situation would spiral out of control, so it could be a natural choice.


"Then let us come to an agreement."


"There's no need for that."


"What?"


To Prince Gyeongjin, who questioned him, Mok Gyeong-un whispered meaningfully.


"You just need to give me that body of yours."


'!?'


It happened as soon as those words ended.


-Shiver!


"Ugh!"


The prostrating Prince Gyeongjin's eyes rolled back, and violent convulsions occurred throughout his body.


Then, as he gradually stabilized, his eyes returned to normal.


No, his eyes had changed from usual.


Prince Gyeongjin got up and opened his mouth.


"I never thought the day would come when I would possess a prince's body. Disciple."


The one who had taken over that body was none other than Cheong-ryeong.


As if she was pleased to possess someone else's body for the first time in a long while, Cheong-ryeong clenched and unclenched her fists, showing a satisfied expression.


To her, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged and said,


"Well, it's not bad since it's been a while since you possessed someone, right?"


"Well, entering such a noble body isn't too bad…"


-Startle!


Cheong-ryeong stopped mid-sentence and turned her head toward the door.


It wasn't just her.


Mok Gyeong-un, who had been smiling until just now, also looked at the door with sharpened eyes.


-Thud!


Soon, the door opened, and a beautiful woman wearing splendid red and gold clothes appeared.


The woman who had suddenly appeared smiled radiantly, then held up the torn head of Chief Eunuch Ho and said,


"Won't you let me join in too, guys?"

 1