Chapter 252: Demon (2)

"I'm not sure about the throne, but you might be the very human embodiment of a demon that I've been searching for. Ah! Yes. The title that truly suits you is none other than 'Demon'."

 1

Demon.


Mok Gyeong-un couldn't make sense of the nine-tailed golden fox's words.


His focus was solely on the fact that she knew his real name, Jeong.


'What did she do?'


Even if his mind had been hazy, the chances of him uttering it himself were low.


But if she mentioned Jeong, then…


'Did she… see my memories?'


There was no other explanation.


Meanwhile, the nine-tailed golden fox caressed Mok Gyeong-un's cheek and spoke.


"How is it? The title 'Demon' sounds good, right? Just calling you 'Demon' is a bit dull, so should I add something like a surname in front of it? Falling from the sky…"

 1

Before she could finish her sentence, Mok Gyeong-un cut her off and asked.


"Did you look into my memories?"


"Oh my. You're quick-witted. Well, not all of them, but I'd say a part of them?"


At her words, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes turned cold.


He felt displeasure at the fact that she had pried into his memories, regardless of anything else.


And judging by the current situation, she had forcibly engaged in relations with him.


Or rather, they were still in the midst of it?


-Squeeze!


The nine-tailed golden fox wrapped her legs tighter around him and spoke with a flushed face.


"Haa. Hey. Since we've already started, shouldn't we finish it?"


"..."


Mok Gyeong-un didn't respond to her words.


At this rate, he would be dragged along by this fox demon's intentions, no matter what.


Then, whether it turned out good or bad, he had to do something.


Thus, Mok Gyeong-un tried to gather all the remaining demonic energy within his body to somehow resist…


'!?'


Mok Gyeong-un's eyes flickered with surprise.


'My demonic energy has recovered. No, it has increased.'


The demonic energy within his body had nearly doubled compared to its original amount.


It was a phenomenon he couldn't comprehend at all.


His injuries were quite severe, and he had even lost consciousness, so why had his demonic energy increased to this extent?


But that wasn't the end of it.


Moreover, a vast amount of demonic energy had been absorbed into his body.


It was incomparably greater than what he had absorbed from the monstrous raccoon, the King Slayer (弑海王), and the purity of the demonic energy was exceptionally high.


'... It's difficult to assimilate.'


The demonic energy was so immense that even if he tried to assimilate it, there would be excess remaining.


Instead, continuously keeping it within his body might even become poisonous.


The corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth twitched.


In that case, there was a way to utilize this pure and vast demonic energy.


Mok Gyeong-un then closed his eyes.


At that moment, the nine-tailed golden fox spoke in a seductive and alluring voice.


"What? You don't like this form? Or do you want me to take on that vengeful spirit's appearance like before?"


-Swish!


As soon as those words ended, the nine-tailed golden fox swept her face with her hand and used her transformation technique.


In an instant, her face changed to resemble Cheong-ryeong's.


"Mortal."


Even her voice became identical.


The nine-tailed golden fox, transformed into Cheong-ryeong, swayed her hips and whispered into Mok Gyeong-un's ear.


"Haa. Mortal, open your eyes…!?"


-Flinch!


At that moment, the nine-tailed golden fox's eyes turned sharp as she looked at Mok Gyeong-un's right hand.


-Crackle! Crunch!


With Mok Gyeong-un's right hand as the center, his entire arm bulged with vast demonic energy, and his blood vessels protruded before turning pitch-black.


Seeing this scene, the nine-tailed golden fox inwardly felt it was absurd.


'This demonic energy….'


It was her own demonic energy.


Although it had been absorbed by him, demonic energy was essentially like a deadly poison to humans, so she thought it would be difficult for him to immediately assimilate and use it.


But he was using this demonic energy without assimilating it?


'Is this guy for real?'


He didn't seem human.


Apart from the existence trapped within his mind, this body was definitely human.


But she didn't expect something like this to be possible.


The nine-tailed golden fox's gaze then shifted to Mok Gyeong-un's neck.


If she moved her tails and twisted his neck right away, she could dispose of him before he could even unleash the demonic energy.


However, if this fellow was truly the human embodiment of a demon that Kang Sang had prophesied about, killing him would be no different from losing him before he could accomplish anything.


"Tsk."


In the end, the nine-tailed golden fox released her legs that were wrapped around him and used her tail to grab Mok Gyeong-un, throwing him towards the floor.


-Crash!


Mok Gyeong-un's body pierced through the floor and sank deep into it.


"Sigh."


With the amount of demonic energy he had gathered now, he could inflict damage on her as well, so the only answer was to make him lose consciousness.


The nine-tailed golden fox clicked her tongue as if she was disappointed.


She thought she could finally satisfy her desires after a long time, but it seemed unlikely at the moment.


'Well, it doesn't matter.'


She could just keep him with her and entice him.


If he was already wicked, there was no need to corrupt him further. Wouldn't it be perfect if she just made him hers?


Just as she was thinking that…


-Papapapapak!


The nine-tailed golden fox hurriedly crossed four of her tails like a shield to block the front.


At the same time, a black line brushed past, and then…


-Kaboom!


'Ugh.'


The nine-tailed golden fox's body pierced through the ceiling of Prince Gyeongjin's residence and soared upwards.


Through the hole that was made, someone fell and landed on the floor of the residence.


-Tap!


The one who landed was none other than Mok Gyeong-un.


-Drip! Drip!


Blood was flowing from his black and grotesquely transformed right arm.


Mok Gyeong-un looked at his right arm and exhaled roughly.


"Huu... huu..."


As a side effect of amplifying the demonic energy absorbed from the nine-tailed golden fox using the Reversing Blood Technique, the blood vessels in his right arm had ruptured.


It had definitely exceeded the level he could handle without assimilation.


However, although it was only for a single strike, he had used the nine-tailed golden fox's demonic energy itself to unify his sword energy, so its power was immeasurable.


-Mortal!


At that moment, the translucent form of Cheong-ryeong approached Mok Gyeong-un.


Looking at his right arm, which was a bloody mess, she asked with concern.


-Are you all right?


"Well. I think I'll be fine, won't I?"


-... Where do you get such words from? Your hand and arm...


Cheong-ryeong clicked her tongue as she looked at it.


The tremendous demonic energy contained in Mok Gyeong-un's previous strike was enough to astonish even her.


It was probably the energy he had absorbed from the nine-tailed golden fox.


Since he tried to handle such immense energy, even if only temporarily, it was only natural for his hand and arm to end up in this state.


Mok Gyeong-un approached Cheong-ryeong, disregarding his limp right arm.


Then…


-Swish!


Cheong-ryeong turned her head with a perplexed expression.


After all, Mok Gyeong-un was currently naked.


Moreover, his masculinity was still quite prominent, making it difficult for her to look at him directly.

 1

"Why are you acting like this?"


-You... right now... your state...


Seeing Cheong-ryeong unable to form proper sentences, Mok Gyeong-un finally recognized his own state.


"Ah."


With that, Mok Gyeong-un extended his left hand towards the left side of the residence.


Several of Prince Gyeongjin's outer garments were hanging there.


There were no pants in sight, but he used the sleeves as a belt to cover his lower body.


After confirming this with a glance, Cheong-ryeong turned her head halfway and spoke in a blunt tone.


-You're like a beast in heat.


"..."


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un closed his mouth.


Normally, he would have answered without much thought, but the memory of engaging in relations with the nine-tailed golden fox, who had transformed into Cheong-ryeong, right in front of the real Cheong-ryeong, faintly resurfaced.


Even though he had fallen victim to the nine-tailed golden fox's technique, thinking that he had done such a thing in front of the person involved made him feel strange.


Could it be that Cheong-ryeong was also acting this way because of that?


After remaining silent for a moment, Mok Gyeong-un asked her.


"Are you displeased?"


-Displeased?


"Yes."


-Wh-what would I be displeased about? I'm a dead spirit anyway. What concern is it of mine if you engage in relations or make a mess with any wench?


Despite claiming to be unaffected, her voice had risen quite a bit.


She even showed signs of stammering.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un bluntly said.


"Even so, that fox demon transformed into your appearance, making it seem like I did it with you. So I thought maybe..."


-Enough! Enough! Enough!


"..."


Cheong-ryeong urged Mok Gyeong-un to stop speaking.


She was already on the verge of going crazy with that scene constantly swirling in her mind.


As she had just said, she kept reminding herself that she was already dead and that her only purpose remaining in this world was to resolve her lingering resentment.


But her heart didn't quite agree with that.


'Damn it!'


Every time that scene came to mind, she couldn't help but be conscious of Mok Gyeong-un.


Her reason understood that the nine-tailed golden fox had done it to disrupt Mok Gyeong-un's mind, but looking at it the other way around, it was like that.


She had been watching him continuously, but he didn't treat women as women.


So when he was said to have engaged with that third Mortal of the Heaven and Earth Society's leader, Yu So-yeon, who resembled her, she had only considered it as him using her.


'... What the hell is this?'


But this time, the situation was a bit different.


Why did he react only when she transformed into her appearance after enduring so well?


Thinking about this, she couldn't help but be concerned, even while claiming to be a vengeful spirit.


It was as if this Mortal fellow…


'... Could it be that he sees me as a woman?'


Cheong-ryeong, who had been clutching her head, glanced at Mok Gyeong-un.


Even after what had just happened, this guy was looking at her with the same eyes as usual.


Seeing this, she started to feel angry.


Wasn't she making a fuss and being self-conscious all by herself?


Her mood was becoming unstable and uncontrollable.


Just then…


-Swish!


At that moment, she felt a touch on her head.


The only one who could directly make a spirit body feel a sensation was Mok Gyeong-un.


The moment she felt Mok Gyeong-un's gentle touch, Cheong-ryeong's cheeks turned bright red despite being a spirit body, and she shouted in a flustered manner while covering her body.


-D-don't touch me!


"What am I supposed to do if I don't touch you?"


-What?


At those words, Cheong-ryeong's eyes widened.


What the hell was this guy saying now?


Truly bewildered, Cheong-ryeong covered herself even more and backed away, saying.


-... Are you really a beast? Like a fox, no, a raccoon. Anyway, now that you've done it with that wicked beast, do you want to do it with a vengeful spirit too, regardless of whether they're dead or alive?


"..."


-You're so desperate to satisfy your desires...


"What are you talking about?"


-What do you mean, what am I talking about? You, to me...


"If you stay in that state, your spirit body will scatter and disappear, won't it?"


-Huh?


"I'm trying to share the demonic energy I've absorbed with you, but it seems like you've misunderstood something."


-...


At that moment, she couldn't hide her embarrassment.


Mok Gyeong-un shrugged his shoulders at her and approached her, extending his hand and asking.


"I should have asked beforehand. Is it okay if I transfer the demonic energy to you?"


-...


In response to Mok Gyeong-un's question, Cheong-ryeong quietly nodded her head without being able to meet his eyes.


If her spirit body hadn't been weakened, she would have wanted to find a mouse hole and crawl into it right away.


The corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth twitched as he watched her.

 1

Then, he placed his hand on her spirit body and tried to infuse the absorbed demonic energy.


But at that very moment…


-Tap!


Someone gently descended through the ceiling.


It was none other than the nine-tailed golden fox.


'Oh no!'


Mok Gyeong-un pushed Cheong-ryeong's spirit body behind him and drew upon his demonic energy.


He had gathered that immense demonic energy into a single point and imbued it into his sword energy to launch an attack, but he didn't expect her to withstand it.


She was almost unscathed.


The only difference was that a part of one of her tails had been cut off.


Even then, it was only the tip of her tail that had been sliced off.


'... Just a part of her tail, huh.'


She was truly a being of a different caliber, befitting the title of one of the Six Demons and a great spiritual beast close to a divine beast.


He wasn't a match for her from the beginning.


As the atmosphere grew heavy and the tension reached its peak…


-Smack!


The nine-tailed golden fox, who had a murderous expression on her face, casually tossed the severed part of her tail and opened her mouth.


"For a moment, I thought about just killing you, but let's stop here."


'!?'