Chapter 258: The Mark (5)

In an office at the main hall of the Embroidered Uniform Guard…

A middle-aged man in his fifties with drooping eyes and a scruffy beard sat with his legs crossed on the desk, puffing on a short cigar pipe and exhaling smoke.

"Phew."

His name was Sang Ik-seo.

He was the Associate Military Commissioner of the Embroidered Uniform Guard, ranked third in the chain of command of the organization as a 4th rank official.

In his office, there was another man in his forties dressed in the uniform of a Hundred-men Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard, diligently polishing his sword while sitting comfortably in a guest chair.

Considering their difference in ranks, the Hundred-men Commander should have been standing at attention, but his relaxed posture suggested their relationship was quite horizontal.

-Shwip!

Each time the middle-aged man in his forties wiped the sword, the surrounding air seemed to sharpen in a peculiar way.

This alone was enough to tell that he was no ordinary person.

After a while of quietly focusing on their respective tasks, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo, who had been smoking his pipe, spoke up.

"By now, that guy should be entering the Inner Palace."

To this, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander replied.

"If it's according to the set time, yes."

"Soon, the Inner Palace – no, Prince Jong's Jikhyeon Palace will be turned upside down."

"If it succeeds properly, it won't just be Jikhyeon Palace. The entire Imperial Palace will be in an uproar."

It was an incident targeting none other than the Second Prince, Prince Jong.

If it were to happen, no matter how much the Emperor cherished Consort Seo, he wouldn't let this matter slide.

"It'll be very amusing."

The established power dynamics would flip in an instant.

Thinking about how that bitch would suffer made him unable to contain his inner excitement.

Puffing on his cigar pipe and exhaling smoke, he spoke.

"Phew. But Woo-yeon is late."

Thousand-men Commander Woo-yeon.

He was the Embroidered Uniform Guard assisting him.

By now, he should have already relayed the order to "that guy" and returned.

But he hadn't arrived yet.

Finding this suspicious, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo said with a doubtful gaze.

"Don't tell me that guy defied the Headquarters' order?"

To this question, the middle-aged Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander chuckled and replied.

"No matter how much those guys pretend to be righteous and noble, when it truly comes down to a life-or-death situation, they have no choice but to obey."

"No choice but to obey, huh… Well, with a bug holding their lifeline in their belly, refusing would mean they're crazy enough to want to die."

The bug in the belly.

What they were referring to was none other than the Gu Poison.

Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo, who had been laughing like that, tapped the ashes from his cigar pipe into the ashtray and said.

"Since we're on the topic, it's quite convenient, but do you think we could get a few more Gu Poisons? Or perhaps control more of the parasitic type through the Command Gu…"

"I've told you before."

"Told me what?"

"The Gu Poison comes in pairs, so we can't increase the parasitic type that way. And to create a pair, it requires numerous poisons and training, so it can't be made just because you want it."

Upon hearing this, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo licked his lips as if disappointed.

There was this Thousand-men Commander who, despite only being a Thousand-men Commander, wore a mask and acted all high and mighty, which annoyed him. But thanks to the Gu Poison, he had transformed into an obedient slave.

"Then is it possible to recycle the ones inside?"

"The ones inside?"

"I'm talking about the parasitic type."

"…After the host dies, it will also burst and die not long after. Of course, if we take action beforehand, recycling isn't impossible."

"Now that's good news."

He had planned to use it a few more times after this incident before discarding it anyway.

But if the Gu Poison could be recycled, he could create another set.

It was truly priceless.

"Tell me when the time comes."

"Understood."

"Ah! By the way, is that matter of yours going well?"

"What matter are you referring to?"

"The interrogation of that monk."

"…"

"If you're personally going down to the underground prison once every two days to interrogate him, the item you're searching for must be quite important, no?"

-Thud!

As soon as he finished speaking, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander stopped polishing his sword.

He then placed the sword on the table.

Upon seeing this, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo's eyes filled with tension.

That was because the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander who had been at the table had suddenly disappeared.

-Shwip!

Soon, rough hands gripped both of his shoulders.

Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo unconsciously gulped at the hands pressing down on his shoulders.

Although he wasn't part of the field operatives, unlike the Military Commissioner or Deputy Military Commissioner, he had once been a field operative and was a master at the early-stage of the Transcendent Realm.

Even he trembled at the overwhelming prowess of the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander, who had appeared behind him in the blink of an eye.

Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo spoke in a tense voice.

"Haha. Hey. Did I perhaps say something wrong?"

At that question, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander, who had his hands on his shoulders, tightened his grip and spoke.

"Associate Military Commissioner, sir."

"…"

"What did I say was one of the conditions for helping with what you wanted?"

"…You said not to interfere with your affairs."

"You seem to know it well. So if someone who knows it so well tries to meddle in someone else's business with unnecessary meddling, the outcome won't be very good, will it?"

His voice was laced with a thick killing intent.

This was a kind of warning.

It was pressure telling him not to interfere or unnecessarily get involved in his affairs.

Ordinary people would tremble in fear if warned with overwhelming strength.

However, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo didn't reach this position for nothing, so he had some guts.

Sang Ik-seo laughed as heartily as possible, trying to appear unaffected, and said.

"Hahahaha. It seems I unintentionally offended you."

"…"

"But I'm not trying to interfere or get involved in your affairs. I was simply asking out of pure curiosity since you've been frequently going back and forth to the underground prison, but it doesn't seem like things are going well. I absolutely haven't forgotten our agreement."

"Is that so? Then you should keep that pure curiosity to yourself."

"I've already kept it to myself."

At his brazen response, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander snorted.

He was the only one who could walk the fine line and be cheeky every time he tried to intimidate him.

Of course, it was also because he could control his emotions and had good political maneuvering skills that he had chosen him.

-Shwip!

Soon, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander's figure moved back to the chair at the table.

He picked up the sword he had placed on the table and began polishing it diligently again.

Seeing this, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo inwardly clicked his tongue.

Although they had joined hands because their interests aligned, whenever he experienced this man's strength, he couldn't help but wonder about his true identity.

There was no way someone like him hadn't made a name for himself in the martial world until now.

Perhaps he had quite a reputation or notoriety in the martial world.

Curiosity piqued, the corners of Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo's mouth twitched.

He had never directly asked about this until now, but that man was always brimming with confidence, so he was curious.

'I'll get him to speak in a roundabout way.'

With that, Sang Ik-seo opened his mouth.

"Previously, when you suggested bringing Thousand-men Commander Ma Ra-hyeon to our side, didn't you say he could sufficiently escape from the grasp of the Northern Pacification Commissioner?"

The Northern Pacification Commissioner of the Embroidered Uniform Guard, Hyeon Soon.

Although his fame was inferior to that of the Southern Pacification Commissioner, who was considered one of the Six Heavens, he was a top master ranked among the top five in the Imperial Palace.

It was said that even if he didn't have much contact with the people of the martial world, with his level of martial arts, if he were to go out into the martial world, only the elders or leaders of famous martial clans or sects would be able to contend with him.

He brought this up naturally because the one who was implicitly supporting and protecting this prince, Prince Jong, was none other than the Northern Pacification Commissioner Hyeon Soon.

-Shwip shwip!

The Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander replied while polishing his sword.

"…If they properly engage, it's uncertain, but if Ma Ra-hyeon is determined to escape, even the Northern Pacification Commissioner would have a hard time catching him."

"Oho. Is Ma Ra-hyeon that formidable?"

"With just his lightness skill, there aren't many in the Imperial Palace who could catch up to him."

"Amazing. To think that even the Northern Pacification Commissioner can't catch up to him, my my."

"So unless there's a special mistake or unforeseen variable, it's unlikely that Ma Ra-hyeon will be caught because of this incident."

"An unforeseen variable… Do you mean unless someone like you appears?"

"…"

"No, no. Don't take it that way. I was just reminded of how you easily subdued him."

He had witnessed the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander subdue Thousand-men Commander Ma Ra-hyeon right in front of him.

It had been settled in just a few moves.

At this question, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander stopped polishing his sword and stared intently at Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo, saying:

"What are you trying to say?"

"No. Since you easily subdued Ma Ra-hyeon, I was just thinking that if you were to step up later, you might be able to contend with the Northern Pacification Commissioner."

"…"

"Is it perhaps difficult?"

Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo deliberately pricked at his pride a little.

Martial artists had a unique sense of pride as warriors.

He wasn't sure if it would work on this man, but if he took the bait, he might be able to gauge his level to some extent.

At that moment, one of the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander's eyebrows raised.

'…Did I say something unnecessary?'

Seeing that, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo flinched and considered slowly backing out.

But then, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander opened his mouth.

"The expression 'contend' is used when both sides have equal skills."

Inwardly relieved, Sang Ik-seo let out a sigh of relief.

He had been worried that the man would read his intentions and be displeased, but fortunately, it seemed he had properly provoked his pride.

"Then if you were to step up, you could sufficiently subdue the Northern Pacification Commissioner?"

"It might take some time, but it's not a very difficult task."

"My my. If you can subdue the Northern Pacification Commissioner, then even the Chief Eunuch of the Eastern Depot or the Chief Eunuch of the Inner Court Administration wouldn't be a match for you."

At that moment, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander's eyes sharpened.

Then he lowered his voice and said:

"…Don't tell me you're asking these questions to gauge my martial arts right now?"

At that question, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo hurriedly waved his hands and replied:

"No. How could I try to gauge you with such a thing? I was just thinking that I need to know to what extent you can deal with top masters…"

-Thud!

Before he could even finish speaking, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander rose from his seat.

Then he extended one hand and used profound internal energy to suck the scabbard lying on the floor into his grasp.

Sang Ik-seo couldn't help but admire the skill of plucking an object from thin air.

As if he had intended for this, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander inserted the polished sword into the scabbard he had sucked into his hand.

And then he said:

"Let me make this clear."

"What do you mean?"

"Here in the Imperial Palace, the only one I can't handle is the Southern Pacification Commissioner alone."

The Southern Pacification Commissioner, Gu Seong-baek.

Known as the Northern Blade King, he was the pinnacle of the current martial world and one of the Six Heavens.

Although the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang had great confidence in his own martial arts, the only one he acknowledged as unapproachable in the Imperial Palace was none other than Gu Seong-baek, one of the Six Heavens.

That's how insurmountable the wall of the Six Heavens was.

However, other than that, he was confident that no one else in the Imperial Palace could be his match.

That included the Northern Pacification Commissioner and the three Chief Eunuchs of the Inner Palace.

"So I hope there won't be any more attempts to gauge me with such trivial matters."

-Woooosh!

With those words, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang revealed his energy towards Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo.

Sang Ik-seo trembled at the suffocating aura.

He could instinctively tell.

This man was definitely a master of the Transformation Realm who had crossed the threshold.

Just as he had boasted, there was absolutely no one in the Imperial Palace who could subdue him except for the Southern Pacification Commissioner Gu Seong-baek, who was known as the strongest master in the Imperial Palace…

-Thud!

At that moment, the door to the office suddenly opened.

And someone entered with a smile on their face.

Seeing that face, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo furrowed his brows and spoke.

"Lord Eunuch Ho?"

The one who had suddenly barged into his office was none other than the supervisor of the Western Depot, Chief Eunuch Ho.

Sang Ik-seo couldn't hide his bewilderment at the unexpected appearance of this person.

Outside the office, there were guards from the Imperial Guard standing watch.

Yet not a single one of them reported that the supervisor of the Western Depot had come here, and they didn't even notice when he opened the door.

'Don't tell me he came here in secret?'

There was no other way he could have entered someone else's office so recklessly.

Although he, someone with one of the top martial arts in the Imperial Palace, failed to detect the presence of Chief Eunuch Ho, the Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander, no, Gyeom-chang must have definitely noticed…

-Shwip!

At that moment, Gyeom-chang's hand was already gripping the hilt of his sword.

Seeing this, Sang Ik-seo's eyes flickered with surprise.

That was because Gyeom-chang, who had boasted that no one except the Southern Pacification Commissioner could be his match, was showing strong wariness towards the supervisor of the Western Depot.

'Is it because he suddenly barged in?'

But this wasn't the time for that.

No matter how abruptly he had barged in, the other party was the supervisor of the Western Depot and a close confidant of Prince Gyeongjin, one of the four powers in the Imperial Palace.

He couldn't be treated carelessly.

So Sang Ik-seo tried to make him back off.

"Hundred-men Commander Gyeom. Put away your sword…"

"Associate Military Commissioner. Step back."

At Gyeom-chang's words, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo furrowed his brows.

Gyeom-chang's attitude was odd.

Since he had been in the Imperial Palace for quite some time, he should know who the person in front of him was, but his current appearance was revealing hostility beyond mere wariness.

-Thud!

Gyeom-chang even took a sword stance.

Then, in a low voice, he spoke to Chief Eunuch Ho.

"Who the hell are you?"

'Who are you?'

What kind of nonsense was this?

Anyone could see that it was Chief Eunuch Ho, the supervisor of the Western Depot.

Yet, ignoring Gyeom-chang, who had taken a sword stance towards him, Chief Eunuch Ho looked at Sang Ik-seo and opened his mouth.

"Judging by the Command Gu in your body, you must be the Associate Military Commissioner."

'!?'

At those completely unexpected words, Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo's expression stiffened.

The very instant he heard about the Command Gu, Gyeom-chang, who had been gripping the sheath, moved his hand.

It was so fast that it was like a flash.

-Ching!

The moment he heard about the Command Gu, he judged the other party to be a definite enemy and tried to behead the person in front of him with a sword technique that had reached the pinnacle of swiftness.

No, before the guy could even realize it, his sword would have already sliced through the guy's neck…

-Thud! Clang!

At that moment, something fell to the floor.

It wasn't just one sound of something falling.

Something was strange.

Unconsciously, Gyeom-chang's eyes turned downward.

'This… What the…'

What had fallen to the floor was none other than his own right hand, which had been gripping the sword.