Chapter 265: The Fourth Office (1)

"Oho?"


Surprise flickered in Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.


It was due to the phenomenon occurring with Ma Ra-hyeon, the half-breed Westerner and Thousand-men Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard.


The energy flowing from his entire body was none other than demonic energy.


This was a phenomenon that even Mok Gyeong-un hadn't anticipated.


'Is he assimilating with the demonic energy?'


A very rare occurrence was taking place.


No, in the first place, he had never directly infused demonic energy into someone like true energy.


Demonic energy was formed by gathering all the yin energies derived from death energy, which could be called the energy of death.

 1

Therefore, he thought it would be a poison to ordinary people.


For example, he expected it to devour true energy like death energy.


However, surpassing that expectation, Ma Ra-hyeon was accepting his demonic energy and internalizing it as his own.


'There's no rejection.'


He thought the existing nourishing energy would push it out.


But Ma Ra-hyeon's true energy was becoming one with the demonic energy, transforming into a new form of demonic energy.


Although its purity was lower than Mok Gyeong-un's, it was undoubtedly demonic energy.


'This has become interesting.'


He had simply intended to send his demonic energy to the rampaging parasitic Gu Poison that had lost its original Command Gu and had its spell and energy-based command severed, in order to imprint it.


He thought demonic energy was difficult for anyone to interfere with since death energy transcended the realm of consciousness in the first place.


But it had produced a completely different result.


'Hmm.'


Was this a coincidence?


Or was it a phenomenon only possible for the half-breed Ma Ra-hyeon, not a pure Central Plains person? He couldn't tell.


Of course, he could check with someone else later.


After infusing more demonic energy into Ma Ra-hyeon's Baihui acupoint and abdomen, Mok Gyeong-un stopped.


The rampaging Gu Poison in his abdomen had also been imprinted with demonic energy and accepted him as its new Command Gu, its new master, and the poison energy in his body had subsided.


At that moment, Ma Ra-hyeon, who had regained his senses, spoke.


"What the hell is this…"


He seemed to have a strange expression, unable to adapt to his changed energy.


That was understandable since the nature of his true energy itself had changed.


Moreover, it had taken on an extremely brutal and dark energy.


Perhaps that's why he felt it.


"Ah…"


Ma Ra-hyeon looked at Mok Gyeong-un with trembling eyes.


Upon experiencing the vast and highly pure demonic energy emanating from Mok Gyeong-un, he felt a thrill and a sense of awe.


'Wh- what?'


Ma Ra-hyeon was confused.


He couldn't tell if this was truly his own will.


His mind was denying it, but his instincts felt a strong sense of reverence towards Mok Gyeong-un.


It was similar to how ants instinctively develop loyalty to serve the queen ant.


"Wh- what have you done to me?"


"Who knows? I only tried to deal with the Gu Poison, but you took the liberty of internalizing my demonic energy."


"Demonic energy?"


"My energy is quite different from ordinary people. Now that you've internalized it, you should be able to feel it. That it's destructive and brutal."


-Tremble tremble!


Ma Ra-hyeon looked at his own hands.


It was an incomprehensible phenomenon.


After his energy became one with what Mok Gyeong-un called demonic energy, his energy had become stronger and increased.


No, it seemed to have doubled in strength.


He felt like he could win against anyone right now.


It was truly a belligerent energy.


"How did I get this kind of energy…"


"Since you internalized it, I'd be disappointed if you blamed me. Moreover, after I went through the trouble of saving your life."


"Life? Ah…"


Come to think of it, the rampaging poison energy and the Gu Poison had stopped moving.


However…


'!?'


Ma Ra-hyeon's expression distorted.


The reason was…


"…The Gu Poison is still there."


"Yes. Of course."


"That's…"


"I never said I would eliminate the Gu Poison. I said I would ensure it wouldn't be a problem for your life."


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon was at a loss for words.


It was undeniable that Mok Gyeong-un had clearly drawn the line that he wouldn't remove the Gu Poison until his work was finished.


And he had kept that promise.


Although he didn't know what this energy was, the Gu Poison was no longer rampaging.


So Ma Ra-hyeon asked:


"The Gu Poison won't rampage anymore. But what exactly did you talk about with Sang Ik-seo?"


Given Mok Gyeong-un's personality, there was no way he had only talked.


At his question, Mok Gyeong-un smiled and replied:


"Should I say I took over the Gu Poison?"


"What?"


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon's eyes widened.


What did he mean by taking over the Gu Poison?


"What the hell does that mean?"


"It's literal. Just know that I now possess the Command Gu that Associate Military Commissioner had."


'!?'


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon's expression stiffened again.


If he meant it literally, did he really take the female Gu Poison Command Gu from Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo?


That meant the one holding the weakness had changed.


But how did he take it?


Come to think of it, there was a tremendous master by his side who had subdued him in just a few moves.


Even if it was Mok Gyeong-un, that person's martial arts…


'…What?'


Ma Ra-hyeon swallowed dry saliva for a moment.


He hadn't realized it until he could comprehend the demonic energy.


But now that he could feel Mok Gyeong-un's demonic energy, he couldn't fathom how far that energy extended.


With this level of energy, perhaps…


"Did you subdue the one guarding Sang Ik-seo?"


"The guard? Ah. You mean that Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang?"


"Yes. I was going to tell you that he wasn't an ordinary skilled person…"


"He's dead."


"What?"


"I said he's dead."


'!!!!'


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon was flabbergasted.


That Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang was an Embroidered Uniform Guard Hundred-men Commander in name, but it was no exaggeration to say that he possessed martial arts skills equivalent to a Pacification Commissioner.


He thought only Gu Seong-baek, the Southern Pacification Commissioner, and his mentor Soyerin, the Thousand-men Commander, could match him, but to hear that such a top master was killed left him speechless.


'Wait.'


Then, if he had killed the guard Gyeom-chang, could it be…


"Did you kill the Associate Military Commissioner too?"


"How could I? Do you think I would just kill him without reason?"


"…"


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon remained silent.


When someone who could go off in any direction said not to worry, he was simply dumbfounded.


However, that wasn't the problem now.


"Then what did you do with him?"


That person shouldn't have been killed.


Although he couldn't touch him until now because of the Gu Poison in his body, there was conclusive evidence of what he had tried to do, so based on that, he could aim for his superiors as well.


"He's alive and well."


"Ah…"


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon felt relieved.


If he had simply killed him, it would have only caused a disturbance and alerted his superiors.


But as long as he was alive, there was still room for investigation.


Ma Ra-hyeon got up from his seat.


And he tried to take the evidence that was placed on the office desk.


To him, Mok Gyeong-un said:


"I see what you're trying to do with that, but don't do it yet."


"What?"


"Right now, I don't want any notable incidents to occur within the Imperial Palace. You should know why, right?"


At those words, Ma Ra-hyeon hesitated.


He immediately understood what Mok Gyeong-un meant by those words.


He was trying to enter the underground prison of the Imperial Palace to kidnap a prisoner, so he didn't want any incidents to happen internally within the Embroidered Uniform Guard beforehand.


However, if he left that person alone, he would definitely report to his superiors and might cut off the tail.


If that happened, the evidence and everything else would become meaningless.


"…Wouldn't it be fine as long as it doesn't harm you?"


"I told you not to."


As soon as he finished speaking, Ma Ra-hyeon put down the human skin mask case.


And he unconsciously replied:


"Understood."


After answering like that, Ma Ra-hyeon furrowed his brows.


What was this phenomenon?


That was because he accepted Mok Gyeong-un's words as if it was natural.


As if he was his master.


'Why?'


Seeing his baffled reaction, Mok Gyeong-un raised the corners of his mouth and said:


"It seems it's not just me."


"What the hell did you do to me… to me?"


"Who knows? It's just as I told you earlier. But perhaps because you assimilated with my energy, I also feel more familiar with Thousand-men Commander Ma Ra-hyeon."


"I… I…"


"In this state, it seems you'll be able to assist me even better."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Ma Ra-hyeon felt strange.


He should have felt repulsed, thinking that he had done something to him, but instead, whenever Mok Gyeong-un said something, a paradoxical emotion arose that he should accept it.


It felt like he had to do whatever he wanted.


He wanted to deny and suppress this incomprehensible change in his emotions with a strong will, but he couldn't.


To the confused Ma Ra-hyeon, Mok Gyeong-un said with a smile:


"I was just thinking that it's about time, and I need Thousand-men Commander Ma Ra-hyeon's help even more. If that task is finished, I'll let you do as you wish."


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Ma Ra-hyeon nodded without hesitation and replied:


"Understood."


"I'm glad you're willing. Then please do this for me."


Mok Gyeong-un told him the plan he had in mind.


As he listened, Ma Ra-hyeon's expression gradually became subtle.


That was because his role was quite important in this underground prison heist plan.


***


Trainee Bae Ji-seok.


He was a trainee participating in this Imperial Guard training.


Having passed with an average score and been assigned to the Snake Guard, he was finally looking forward to the Embroidered Uniform Guard apprenticeship tomorrow with anticipation.


Although his first apprenticeship was in the Fourth Office that managed the prison, so what?


He was determined to do his best and obtain good results.


But as he was making his resolution and trying to fall asleep, he was summoned to the Embroidered Uniform Guard Six Offices Department not long after.


They said they had called a reference witness as they were investigating the death of Trainee Mok Gyeong-un.


'Why are they calling me as a reference witness?'


He didn't know much about Mok Gyeong-un.


No, none of the trainees here knew anything about those from the Heaven and Earth Society.


But he didn't understand why they were calling him.


He felt puzzled, but since they said it was a simple investigation, he went to the interrogation room of the Six Offices Department.


-Knock knock!


Bae Ji-seok knocked on the door and said:


"This is Trainee Bae Ji-seok. I'm here for the reference investigation."


"Come in."


At the voice coming from inside, Bae Ji-seok opened the door.


In the dark interrogation room.


When he opened the door, he saw a lantern, a table, and two chairs arranged to face each other.


Inside, a masked Embroidered Uniform Guard Thousand-men Commander was standing.


Bae Ji-seok closed the door, entered, and greeted him with his hands clasped.


"Did you call for me?"


"…"


At that question, the masked Embroidered Uniform Guard Thousand-men Commander said nothing.


When the Thousand-men Commander of the Six Offices Department, which he heard was an investigative department, didn't speak like that, Trainee Bae Ji-seok, who became somewhat uneasy, cautiously asked:


"Is… is there a problem? Is that why you called me?"


At that question, the masked Embroidered Uniform Guard Thousand-men Commander opened his mouth.


"I'm sorry."


"What?"


"I didn't call you."


"What does that mean?"


At that moment, a voice came from right behind him.


"I called you."


-Flinch!


There was no presence felt at all, but startled by the voice coming from behind, Trainee Bae Ji-seok hurriedly turned around.


'Huh!?'


Bae Ji-seok's eyes widened as he turned around.


That was because Mok Gyeong-un, who was said to have been killed in the Embroidered Uniform Guard infirmary a few days ago, was there.


"You… you were definitely dead…"


"Yes. It's nice to see me alive, isn't it?"


Why was the guy he knew was dead before is here?


Rather than being happy, he was extremely perplexed.


So…


"What do you mean you called me? Th- Thousand-men Commander?"


Bae Ji-seok called out to the masked Thousand-men Commander while slowly taking steps back.


However, the masked Thousand-men Commander remained silent with his arms crossed.


Instead, Mok Gyeong-un approached closer, raised the corners of his mouth eerily, and said:


"The Thousand-men Commander didn't call you."


"What the hell…"


"I heard you're an orphan and have no close friends, right?"

 1

"Wh- why are you asking that?"


Trainee Bae Ji-seok raised his voice, feeling uneasy.


Then, the corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth, shadowed by the lantern light, curled up gruesomely.


Startled even more by that sight, he tried to take steps back to distance himself, but Mok Gyeong-un slowly closed the distance and said:


"Nothing much. I was just thinking of borrowing your face for a bit."


'!?'