Chapter 269: Underground Prison (1)

The next morning, on a chilly day.


Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo visited the office of Thousand-men Commander Im Gyu-wol, the head of the Fourth Office.


Entering the office, Mak Myeong-bo's eyes flickered with surprise.


Im Gyu-wol had a swollen face, as if injured, and was shirtless while the Embroidered Uniform Guard's dedicated physician was applying needles and moxibustion to his right shoulder.


Judging by his expression, the injury did not seem light.


Mak Myeong-bo asked in surprise:


"Thousand-men Commander, where did you get injured?"


At his question, Thousand-men Commander Im Gyu-wol replied in an irritated voice:


"Can't you tell by looking?"


Last night, thinking the guy had left, he had vowed for the future, but was caught off guard.


Who would have thought the guy would come back?


Of course, he thought he would return to the trainee dormitory.


Anyway, as a result, he had paid a severe price.


[Uuugh.]


[Let's end it here. Still, you're lucky. If you were even slightly useless, it would have been better to just dispose of you.]


Lucky?


Damn bastard.


Not only did he make him a wreck like this, but his right shoulder was completely broken.


According to the physician, it would take over a month of recuperation for the broken bone to fully heal.


But the worst part was that he said he wouldn't be able to move his shoulder freely like before.


It was practically devastating news for him, as his right hand was his dominant hand.


'Bae Ji-seok!'


He was so angry that he wanted to tear the guy apart and kill him, but not only was his weakness caught, but he was also addicted to poison, so he had no choice but to cater to the guy's whims.


This made him even more miserable.


'Damn bastard. I will definitely repay this grudge someday.'


Even though he had suffered like that yesterday, he still hadn't given up.


It was said to lie on sticks and taste gall.


Although he had to grovel for now, if he endured this misery, he believed an opportunity would surely come someday.


"But what's the matter?"


At Im Gyu-wol's question, Mak Myeong-bo clasped his hands together and said with a bow:


"I've come to borrow the Prison Battlefield Maps necessary for the apprentice trainees' prison infiltration today."


"Prison Battlefield Maps?"


The Prison Battlefield Maps were very important items.


Since they contained the locations of mechanical traps and all the internal geography of the prison, the number of maps was limited, and because they couldn't be carelessly leaked, they were kept by Im Gyu-wol, the head of the Fourth Office, who was in charge of the prisons.


"If it's that, in that case…"


Im Gyu-wol, who was about to speak, stopped as if realizing something.


'Tsk.'


There were still two Prison Battlefield Maps tied with red thread on top of the maps.


If he had his way, he wanted to hand over those Prison Battlefield Maps as they were.


But since that Bae Ji-seok bastard had already confirmed those incorrect Prison Battlefield Maps, he couldn't deceive him.


So he had to replace them with the correct Prison Battlefield Maps.


"…Go prepare the apprentice trainees, and I'll personally give them to you."


"But your body is not well…"


"Haha. Didn't I say I would personally bring them to you?"


"Understood."


Although puzzled, how could he disobey his superior's order?


Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo withdrew.


After he left, Im Gyu-wol was about to ask the Embroidered Uniform Guard physician to finish the treatment.


At that moment, someone knocked on the office door.


"I, Thousand-men Commander…"


It was the voice of Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo.


Thousand-men Commander Im Gyu-wol shouted irritably:


"Didn't I clearly say I would personally bring them to you…"


At that moment, the office door opened.


As the door opened, Im Gyu-wol, startled by the sight of a middle-aged man in a silver ceremonial robe entering, hastily rose from his seat while wrapping his bandages and paid his respects.


"I- I greet the Defender-in-Chief."


4th rank Embroidered Uniform Guard Defender-in-Chief.


Although the Embroidered Uniform Guard was attached to the title, the Defender-in-Chief was not a position incorporated into the Embroidered Uniform Guard.


In a way, it could be considered a special rank.


The Defender-in-Chief was the escort warrior for the princes who received the throne, and since they could mobilize the Embroidered Uniform Guard's Chief Banners in special situations or emergencies, the affiliation name "Embroidered Uniform Guard" was attached to the front.


'Why is the Defender-in-Chief here?'


The Defender-in-Chief was equivalent in rank to the Embroidered Uniform Guard's Pacification Commissioner, who could be considered the chief executive officer.


In conclusion, he was a higher-ranking official and a person of power.


"It's been a while, Thousand-men Commander Im."


"I- I'm extremely grateful that you remember me."


He was sincerely grateful that he remembered him from when he was just a Lesser Banner.


The Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom in front of him was someone who was close to the position he desired the most.


Although he had been pushed out of the position of Crown Prince now, wasn't he closely serving as an escort to this prince who was once the most likely candidate for the throne succession?


Moreover, his martial arts were said to be no inferior to those of the Northern Pacification Commissioner or the Chief Eunuchs of the Eastern and Western Depots.


Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom said to him:


"Could we have a private conversation for a moment?"


"Of course."


At his words, Thousand-men Commander Im Gyu-wol hurriedly sent out the Imperial Palace physician.


And he personally locked the office door.


However, the eyes of Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom, who was looking at his back as he walked shirtless, sharpened fiercely.


Unaware of this, Im Gyu-wol prepared seats.


After examining the surroundings with his senses, Muk Seom, who sat at the table, lightly waved his hand.


'!?'


Im Gyu-wol couldn't hide his bewilderment.


The reason was that Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom had used true energy to block the sound inside and outside the room.


It seemed he wanted to have a confidential conversation.


"I'll get straight to the point without beating around the bush."


"Yes? About what?"


"You were cooperating with Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang under the command of the Associate Military Commissioner, right?"


'What?'


At that question, Im Gyu-wol's expression stiffened.


This was a matter that required attention and confidentiality.


Im Gyu-wol belonged to the faction of the Grand Preceptor Hangyun, who held the positions of Grand Preceptor and Admiral of the Central Military Commission, so he also received orders from Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo.


Originally, even if they were both from the Embroidered Uniform Guard, only the Fourth Office could be deployed for prison duties.


However, with the order from Associate Military Commissioner Sang Ik-seo, Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang was temporarily incorporated into the Fourth Office under the pretext of cooperating for the interrogation of the Fire Faith Order believers.


This was a confidential matter that was carried out only when trusted individuals belonging to the faction were on duty, so how did this person know about it?


So Im Gyu-wol tried his best not to show any signs and opened his mouth.


"I don't know what you're talking about…"


"No need to deceive me. I'm also a person of His Excellency Hangyun."


'!?'


At those words, Im Gyu-wol furrowed his brows.


A person of His Excellency Hangyun?


He had heard that there were quite a few people in the faction that he didn't know, but Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom was even more known as a person of this prince, Prince Jong.


Therefore, there was no way he could trust him.


At that moment, Im Gyu-wol took something out of his bosom and showed it.


It was none other than…


'Huh?'


The military tally of the Central Military Commission, with Grand Preceptor as the Admiral.


Seeing the military tally that could mobilize the Central Military Commission, not anything else, Im Gyu-wol could sense that his words were true.


This was evidence that couldn't be entrusted unless there was considerable trust.


"I borrowed this military tally from His Excellency in case you couldn't believe me."


-Thud!


At this, Im Gyu-wol knelt on one knee and clasped his hands together, paying his respects to him.


"I was unaware."


"Get up. It's natural for you not to know. There are only a few people who know this fact, including His Excellency."


At his words, Im Gyu-wol inwardly felt excited.


Did the fact that Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom was saying this mean that His Excellency Hangyun had decided to make great use of him?


Otherwise, there was no way someone in such a high position would reveal his true faction.


Feeling excited, Im Gyu-wol stood up, and Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom lowered his voice and abruptly said something unexpected.


"By the way, did Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang finish the interrogation?"


"Are you talking about the interrogation?"


"Yes."


"Not yet."


At his answer, Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom stroked his beard and let out a groan.


"Hmm. Can't be helped."


"…But how do you know about that?"


"No. You don't need to know that much."


"Pardon?"


"Rather, a slight problem has arisen, and Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang can no longer continue the interrogation."


"What do you mean by that?"


Until just a few days ago, Hundred-men Commander Gyeom-chang was determined to continue the interrogation in order to find that so-called Treasure Orb.


He was doing so because there was an order from the Associate Military Commissioner not to ask why, but suddenly saying he couldn't continue the interrogation made him curious.


So…


"It's just as I said. Rather, there's something I need you to do. Since it's a direct order from His Excellency, you can do it, right?"


"What kind of order?"


"It's something that only you, as the head of the Fourth Office, can do. If you help me accomplish this safely, the Grand Preceptor will acknowledge your merit."


"Th- the Grand Preceptor, you say?"


At these words, Im Gyu-wol swallowed dry saliva and spoke with an enthusiastic voice, clasping his hands together:


"Please tell me anything. I, Im, will definitely carry out His Excellency's order."


"I'm glad to hear that. Then, the late-stage disciples sent by the Heaven and Earth Society will soon try to break out the Fire Faith Order believer imprisoned in the Eternal Hell Prison. I'd like you to assist them."


'!?'


As soon as he finished speaking, Im Gyu-wol couldn't hide his perplexity.


What the hell was going on?


Why did His Excellency the Grand Preceptor give such an order, just like that Bae Ji-seok bastard last night?


Unlike regular prisons where prisoners could be taken out through various methods, the underground prison was a place where it was absolutely impossible to take out prisoners.


That's why, unlike before, he knew that people were sent in to interrogate the Fire Faith Order believers.


But why were they suddenly trying to kidnap them? He didn't know, but it was extremely difficult.


'What should I do about this?'


He didn't know exactly who they were trying to kidnap, but he was also in a position where he had to forcibly help that Bae Ji-seok bastard.


That bastard also said he would break someone out of the Eternal Hell Prison…


'Wait… something is strange.'


Something coincidentally overlapped in terms of timing.


It was strange that the higher-ups were suddenly trying to forcibly take out the Fire Faith Order believer they had given up on, and it was too much of a coincidence that the Bae Ji-seok bastard was also trying to kidnap someone from the Eternal Hell Prison.


'Could it be… that the person that Bae Ji-seok bastard is trying to kidnap is also a Fire Faith Order believer?'


So in order to prevent that, were they trying to take out the Fire Faith Order believer in advance?


If this was the case, it made sense for the higher-ups to suddenly give such an order.


But this was just his guess.


And that wasn't the problem.


'Damn it.'


Right now, not only was his weakness caught, but he was also addicted to poison.


So he had no choice but to forcibly follow Bae Ji-seok.


But if this guess turned out to be correct, he wouldn't be able to carry out the order from the higher-ups and would end up betraying them.


Im Gyu-wol's eyes trembled severely, confused by the situation where he was caught between a rock and a hard place.


At that moment, Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom raised one eyebrow.


Then…


-Thud! Shwip!


He suddenly lifted Im Gyu-wol's chin and stared intently into his eyes.


"Y- Your Excellency?"


Why was he suddenly doing this?


As he was puzzled, Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom said something unexpected:


"Ha… look at this."


"Pardon? What…"


"You've also been addicted to poison."


'!?'


At those words, Im Gyu-wol's eyes widened.


How did Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom know about this?


But then he asked:


"Am I right? Or not? Just answer that."


"…"


At his question, Im Gyu-wol was at a loss for what to do.


Because his weaknesses, including the embezzlement ledger, had been caught by Bae Ji-seok, it was extremely cautious to even say something.


Seeing his reaction, Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom shook his head and said:


"It seems you've been caught by other weaknesses besides poison."


'How does he know that?'


Im Gyu-wol couldn't hide his surprise at Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom's insight.


Even though he couldn't answer anything, it was amazing how he deduced his situation to this extent.


But on the other hand, he became afraid.


His weaknesses caught by that bastard, that is, the embezzlement ledger, were connected to the higher-ups, Grand Preceptor Hangyun, and could cause damage, so he was scared of being cast out if they found out.


Not knowing what to do, Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom placed his hand on his shoulder and spoke in a chilling voice:


"I don't know what weaknesses have made you tight-lipped, but let me make it clear. Confessing the truth right now is the only chance for you to live."


-Squeeze!


With those words, the hand of Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom on his shoulder tightened its grip.


***


The 12 trainees of the Snake Guard were waiting.


They had finished preparing to infiltrate the prison, but they were still waiting because they hadn't received the Prison Battlefield Maps yet.


At that moment, a Deputy Thousand-men Commander of the Embroidered Uniform Guard was seen coming from the other side of the pavilion.


In the case the Deputy Thousand-men Commander was carrying, there were twelve scrolls.


"Looks like he's here."


It was Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo, who had been waiting for a long time like the trainees and was feeling frustrated. What the hell was he talking about with Defender-in-Chief Muk Seom that it took so long?


'He should have just given them then.'


In any case, he didn't come in person and sent the Deputy Thousand-men Commander instead. Anyway, because of that, the infiltration was delayed, and the prisoners' meal distribution was also delayed.


Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo shouted irritably:


"Why are you so late?"


"My apologies. Phew… But Thousand-men Commander, don't you know?"


At the Embroidered Uniform Guard Deputy Thousand-men Commander's words, Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo shook his head. Then he extended his hand.


"Give them to me. I need to distribute them to the trainees and inform them of their infiltration locations."


"I guess it's because the meal distribution was delayed. Then I'll distribute them directly to the trainees right away."


"Alright."


Thousand-men Commander Mak Myeong-bo, whose mind had become impatient, told him to do so.


In that way, the twelve apprentice trainees received the Prison Battlefield Maps and were assigned their respective infiltration locations. Most of the trainees were evenly deployed from the first to the third floor of the prison.


'Hmm.'


At this moment, the eyes of Mok Gyeong-un, who had the face of Trainee Bae Ji-seok, narrowed. The place he was assigned to was none other than the third floor of the prison.


'…What's going on, Thousand-men Commander Im Gyu-wol?'


It was different from the original plan. They had clearly agreed to assign him to the Eternal Hell Prison, the lowest level of the prison. But assigning him to the third floor of the prison was tantamount to breaking that agreement.


"What? The E- Eternal Hell Prison?"


At that moment, someone asked in a perplexed voice. It was Yeom Gyeong, a disciple of the Huashan Sect.


The Eternal Hell Prison, the lowest level of the prison. The ones assigned there were none other than Joo Woonhyang and Yeom Gyeong, a disciple of the Huashan Sect.


***


The trainees who entered the Imperial Palace prison felt uneasy due to the dark internal atmosphere. Unlike the prisons in other counties, this place was created by digging underground, so it was full of moisture, and the internal air was extremely thick.


What made them feel even more eerie were the bloodstains and smells that permeated everywhere. This became worse with each floor they descended.


The first underground floor showed signs of being made with care, but as they went down to the lower floors, the ground was dug and the supports were fixed, so the dirt and dust falling from here and there further heightened the feeling of unease.


In that way, the trainees were deployed one by one to their assigned areas.


-Creak!


On the way to the third underground floor, Mok Gyeong-un unfolded the Prison Battlefield Map he had received.


'Ah.'


Mok Gyeong-un snorted inwardly. This Prison Battlefield Map wasn't the fake one tied with red thread. If he only looked this far, it seemed like nothing had been done to the map, but this was a normal map with some parts redrawn as inconspicuously as possible to mislead the path.


It seemed to have been intentionally made to get caught in the mechanical trap. In the end, this was also an incorrect map.


'…As I thought.'


The corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth twitched. At first, he had a feeling of disbelief, but it seemed that someone else had intervened.


It would have been difficult for him, who was addicted to poison and had his weaknesses caught, to do such a bold act of betrayal in just a few quarters of an hour.


-Creak!


Mok Gyeong-un eventually rolled up the incorrect Prison Battlefield Map. Whoever had intervened, there was one thing they didn't know.


Just in case, he had scanned all the normal maps, so this kind of prank was meaningless to him.