Chapter 281: Entanglements (1)

[Keep in mind, the duration you can maintain the door depends on your curse power, but as this is a one-time talisman, it won't last very long.]


These were the words of Yeo Su-rin, a diviner from Harmonious Immortal Pavilion.


Although Mok Gyeong-un's curse power had reached a level incomparable to before, there was a limit to how long he could maintain the door with a single-use talisman.


-Wooooo!


Mok Gyeong-un slightly furrowed his brows at the intense demonic cry and looked at the Plundering-killing Sword.


It was said to be the worst demonic sword, and those words didn't seem to be an exaggeration.


'It's quite rebellious.'


As he tried to suppress the demonic cry that was attempting to erode him with its evil energy, it spewed out an even stronger cry, as if provoking a battle of strength.


It made sense now how Joo Woonhyang, who possessed innate true energy, had been corrupted.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un drew out even more evil energy.


Only by completely subduing the sword's will could he make it submit to him like the Evil Commandment Sword.


-Goooooo!


As black haze rose, Mok Gyeong-un gestured with his other hand.


"Please come this way."


At his words, Nine Blood Sect's Sixth Blood Saint Dam Baek-ha and Holy Fire Priestess nodded and were about to move.


However, So Yerin, who had been pushed back by Mok Gyeong-un's counterforce, drew up her energy and shouted,


"I don't know how you're alive or learned such bizarre techniques, but I can't let you take the prisoners from the underground golden prison!"


-Paat!


No sooner had she finished speaking than she flew towards Mok Gyeong-un.


'How annoying.'


As Mok Gyeong-un had to maintain the door with his curse power, he couldn't move properly and had to confront So Yerin's sword head-on as she rushed at him.


-Clang clang clang!


In an instant, their swords clashed about four times.


Rather than using sword energy, So Yerin had aimed at Mok Gyeong-un with concise sword techniques, and her eyes flashed.


It wasn't a mistake after all.


'How did his martial power increase this much?'


Mok Gyeong-un's martial power was not much inferior even compared to her own.


Moreover, he originally had sword talent, so as his power increased, he easily blocked her sword.


Thanks to that, he had become much more difficult to deal with than before.


'I can't subdue him with simple techniques. Then I have no choice but to use sword energy.'


At this, So Yerin properly gripped her sword and unleashed a technique.


Her sword created a trajectory with a fierce momentum, like a tiger pouncing.


'First stance, Tiger Fang Sword Stance!'


-Clang clang clang clang!


In response to her sword energy, Mok Gyeong-un also tried to counter with a complex sword technique.


He had recently created two new sword stances for the Demonic Sword Art and wanted to test them out anyway.


But just as he was about to unfurl the second stance of the Demonic Sword Art,


-Wooooooo!


At that moment, the demonic energy of the Plundering-killing Sword that he had been suppressing with evil energy explosively soared.


It was like immense resentment or anger.


'!?'


Feeling this will of the Plundering-killing Sword, Mok Gyeong-un couldn't hide his bewilderment.


For some reason, the moment Six Offices Commander So Yerin began to unleash her sword energy in earnest, the sword's demonic will became uncontrollable.


He didn't know the reason, but the demonic energy surged so much that Mok Gyeong-un, thinking that forcibly suppressing it might damage the sword itself, decided,


'Alright. Do as you wish.'


He chose to indulge the Plundering-killing Sword's will once.


The moment Mok Gyeong-un loosened his grip on the sword,


-Swish!


The tip of the sword moved on its own, creating a sword path.


As that sword path formed, something flashed through Mok Gyeong-un's mind.


It seemed to be a vision that the Plundering-killing Sword was showing him through its will.


In the vision, the Plundering-killing Sword was being held by someone, facing off against a young man.


However, the sword techniques the young man unleashed were very similar to those used by Six Offices Commander So Yerin.


'Did they clash before?'


It seemed so.


The man confronting the Plundering-killing Sword in the vision displayed truly remarkable swordsmanship, overwhelmingly pushing back his companion, whether it was the Plundering-killing Sword's owner or host.


Here, the Plundering-killing Sword exuded immense demonic energy.


It was clear anger.


'Look at this.'


The corners of Mok Gyeong-un's mouth twitched.


He had thought that no matter how much demonic energy it possessed, it was just a sword, but this was the first time he felt a sword's will expressing anger towards something it had clashed with.


-Wooooong!


At that moment, the sword path created by the Plundering-killing Sword generated wave-like ripples.


Along with it, Six Offices Commander So Yerin, who had been using the Tiger Fang Sword stance, felt the excess in her technique rebound,


-Baaaang!


She was pushed back once again.


-Sssshhhhh!


So Yerin regained her posture and spoke with sharp eyes fixed on Mok Gyeong-un's sword,


"A technique of the Scripture of Transferring True Qi [이기진경(移氣眞經)]… That sword is Plundering-killing Sword."


"You recognize the sword."


"Of course. Among the swords crafted by the famed swordsmith Ou Yezi, that is the most evil and dangerous one. You'd best let go of it at once."


At her warning, Mok Gyeong-un shrugged.


"Well. Is there a reason to let go of a sword that's already in my hands?"


"That sword's demonic energy is incomparable to Ou Yezi's other swords. You could lose yourself."


"I'll find out when I experience it."


"You really do as you please."


Contrary to her words, So Yerin was inwardly perplexed.


With the exception of one person, she remembered that everyone who grasped that sword was unfailingly corrupted by the demonic energy and went mad.


However, Mok Gyeong-un's current state still seemed sound.


Was that somber and vicious energy preventing him from being eroded by the demonic will?


Whatever the case, if he hadn't been corrupted yet, she had to make him release the sword.


With this thought, she drew upon more of her innate true energy, intending to properly demonstrate her skill.


But then,


"You called us out, yet how long are you going to be like that?"


Nine Blood Sect's Sixth Blood Saint Dam Baek-ha, who had approached behind Mok Gyeong-un, asked in an irritated tone.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un replied without turning his head,


"You'll be able to come out soon. And I'd appreciate it if you could also take care of your fallen friend over there."


"You mean this brat?"


That fallen friend was none other than Joo Woonhyang.


As Sixth Blood Saint Dam Baek-ha tried to approach the collapsed Joo Woonhyang, Six Offices Commander So Yerin hurriedly shouted,


"Don't touch him!"


At her cry, Dam Baek-ha's lips curved into a smirk.


Dam Baek-ha placed her sharp nails against Joo Woonhyang's neck and said,


"Seems like you have some relationship with this young lad. If so, you'd best step aside at once."


"You!"


Perhaps enraged by the threat, Six Offices Commander So Yerin threw something towards Dam Baek-ha, who was behind Mok Gyeong-un, with lightning-fast hand movements.


-Clang!


Mok Gyeong-un hurriedly blocked it with the Plundering-killing Sword.


-Clink!


The object So Yerin threw was sliced in half and fell to the ground.


-Thud! Thud!


'This is?'


It was none other than iron beads.


But the problem was, it wasn't just one.


-Clang! Clang! Clang!


While Mok Gyeong-un was cutting them, three iron beads flew in simultaneously.


With his excellent vision, Mok Gyeong-un twisted the sword's path to hastily cut one flying iron bead and struck another with his left fist.


-Bang!


However, he couldn't block the remaining one, as it flew in an unexpected trajectory.


-Swish!


'Huh?'


It had bounced off the ground and flown towards Dam Baek-ha's forehead in a bizarre path.


However, Dam Baek-ha was no ordinary expert either.


She caught the flying iron bead with her red-stained hand in a swift motion.


-Pak!


Catching the iron bead, Sixth Blood Saint Dam Baek-ha muttered with narrowed eyes,


"Flicking Divine Skill?"


Flicking Divine Skill.


It was a technique of imbuing objects with martial power and flicking them with fingers.


When martial power was imbued into an object, it became like a hidden weapon. With the hardness of iron beads, it could generate enough force to penetrate a person in a single strike.


However, those who wielded Flicking Divine Skill with iron beads like this were extremely rare even in the martial world.


Dam Baek-ha instinctively thought of someone.


But then,


"Blood Jade Hands!"


The Six Offices Commander So Yerin who had launched the Flicking Divine Skill at her shouted in surprise.


Recognizing Dam Baek-ha's Blood Jade Hands, a gleam flashed in So Yerin's eyes, who seemed to be a high-ranking woman in the Embroidered Uniform Guard.


"You recognize the Blood Jade Hands, young lass. You have good insight."


"Are you the Blood Demon of the Blood Sect?"


At So Yerin's question, Dam Baek-ha gnashed her teeth and said,


"That's right. I am the Blood Demon of the Blood Sect who was imprisoned in the Eternal Hell Prison for so many years by you lot!"


-Sssshhh!


Perhaps her fury surged, as Dam Baek-ha drew out even more martial power.


Then, her hands turned an even deeper shade of red, and a smooth luster flowed out.


"Step aside. I'll deal with that Embroidered Uniform Guard wench myself."


-Paat!


Dam Baek-ha flew forward and shouted at Mok Gyeong-un to move aside.


Mok Gyeong-un, thinking this was perfect, stepped to the side.


While she dealt with the troublesome Six Offices Commander So Yerin, he could get Holy Fire Priestess out.


-Paat! Ssshhh ssshhh!


Sixth Blood Saint Dam Baek-ha, passing through the smoke door, unleashed hand techniques towards Six Offices Commander So Yerin.


'Blood Jade Hands 6th Stance, Blood Jade Shatter!'


Her two hands, dyed crimson, unfurled villainous hand techniques and rushed at So Yerin with the momentum to tear her body apart in an instant.


It was precisely that moment.


So Yerin's sword grip changed, and her momentum shifted.


It was different from the sword techniques she had displayed so far. For a fleeting instant, her sword emitted a vermilion aura and unleashed tremendous killing energy, as if specialized solely in taking lives.


-Clang clang clang clang!


The stance of the Blood Jade Hands and her vermilion sword energy collided, producing a tremendous shattering sound.


It was a tremendous momentum, as if they would finish each other off.


However, that didn't happen.


Halfway through their stances, as if they had conferred with each other, the two women simultaneously withdrew their energy and retreated at the same time.


-Bam!


Putting distance between them, the two spoke simultaneously.


"As expected, you are the Blood Demon."


"Aaaah! Is it really you, of Jin Clan?"


The eyes of the two women, who had spoken to each other like that, reddened at the same time.


Their reactions were as if they had been searching for each other for a long time.


Watching this with bewilderment, Mok Gyeong-un still had to get Holy Fire Priestess to escape, so he gestured to her, who had been unable to do anything due to the fierce battle.


"Come."


"Will it be alright?"


"Yes."


With that, Holy Fire Priestess laboriously led her aged body and arduously tried to walk towards the door.


Mok Gyeong-un also shouldered Joo Woonhyang, who had been lying in front of the smoke door.


-Sssshh sssshh!


The smoke was gradually dissipating.


There was truly no time now.


Right then,


"Officer So!"


Someone's shout was heard from afar.


A person appeared, unleashing lightness skill while gasping for breath as if being chased by something, through one of the underground golden prison's passages.


It was none other than the head of the Fourth Office, Six Offices Commander Im Gyu-weol.


Spotting Six Offices Commander So Yerin through the smoke entrance, Im Gyu-weol's face brightened.


'Hea, heavens have helped.'


As expected, Six Offices Commander So Yerin undoubtedly had a deep connection with him.


He didn't know what that smoke door was, but just seeing her there made it certain that it led outside.


At this, Im Gyu-weol rushed towards them using lightness skill and shouted,


-Paat!


"Six Offices Commander So, help me!"


However, behind him, men with expressionless faces, their entire bodies glinting with a copper hue, were also using lightness skill to chase after him.


-Clang! Clang! Clang!


Each time they leaped, a metallic sound rang out, indicating they weren't ordinary humans.


Seeing this, Six Offices Commander So Yerin frowned and said,


"Bronze Men?"


Those were undoubtedly Bronze Men.


They were beings born through unorthodox arts, possessing human forms but lacking consciousness or will, moving only according to set commands.


Looking at those Bronze Men and Six Offices Commander Im Gyu-weol leading them, Mok Gyeong-un clicked his tongue.


"Dragging along useless things."


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un passed through the smoke entrance and made a pulling gesture with his hand.


Then, Holy Fire Priestess's body, who had been painstakingly walking with her aged frame, floated up and flew towards Mok Gyeong-un.


"Oh my!"


As Holy Fire Priestess also passed through the entrance,


-Swish!


Mok Gyeong-un stopped infusing curse power into the talisman held between his index and middle fingers.


With the curse power cut off, he expected the smoke door to close immediately, but,


-Sssshh sssshh!


Contrary to this expectation, the smoke door slowly dissipated and had yet to disappear.


It maintained a state of being on the verge of closing.


-Clang! Clang! Clang!


In the meantime, Six Offices Commander Im Gyu-weol, along with the Bronze Men of the Eternal Hell Prison chasing him, reached the immediate vicinity of the entrance.


At this rate, even they would come out through the door.


Mok Gyeong-un grasped his sword, intending to prevent them from crossing over, but right then,


"I'll do it."


'!?'


With those words, someone powerfully stepped on an acupoint towards the smoke entrance.


-Thud!


That someone was none other than Six Offices Commander So Yerin.


Seeing this, Six Offices Commander Im Gyu-weol, who had been rushing towards the smoke entrance, was startled and shouted in shock,


"Officer So! Y-you, what are you doing…"


Before he could even finish his words,


So Yerin forcefully pulled back her sword and thrust it towards the entrance.


'True Chasing and Turning Sword (축아회검(逐亞回劍)!'


-Ssshhh ssshhh ssshhh ssshhh!


At that instant, sword energy swirled from the tip of her blade and surged towards the entrance with a momentum akin to a storm.


The sword technique with a tempestuous force blocked the entrance, and Six Offices Commander Im Gyu-weol, along with the Bronze Men of the Eternal Hell Prison who had been rushing over, were swept up by it and bounced away.