Chapter 296: Shaolin Temple (3)

'…Definitely them.'


Mong Mu-yak swallowed his dry saliva with trembling eyes.


Belonging to the leader's direct information department, Mong Mu-yak was well aware of a lot of information within and outside the Heaven and Earth Society.


As such, he could immediately recognize who the three old monks who appeared in the square were.


'The Three Monks of Shaolin!'


They were undoubtedly the famous Three Monks of Shaolin.


Unlike other sects, the masters of Shaolin Temple didn't cling to the secular world or engage in martial arts activities, so there were few renowned masters.


However, with a single confrontation, Shaolin once again demonstrated its prestige after a long time.


It was because of a great villain named Gu Myeol-geop, otherwise known as 'Nine Calamities of Destruction' (九滅劫) who appeared fifteen years ago.


Gu Myeol-geop's martial prowess was so outstanding that he was referred to as a potential Six Heavens of the next generation.


But then, one day, he suddenly went mad and indiscriminately killed people.


The reason was unknown, but the crazed Gu Myeol-geop slaughtered every living thing he saw, and numerous masters of the righteous factions tried to suppress him to stop this but failed.


As a result, even Shaolin, which rarely intervened in the affairs of the secular world, eventually had to step in.


'A joint attack technique that made even a master comparable to the Six Heavens kneel.'


Shaolin, famous for its many unique techniques, was also skilled in joint attacks like the Arhat Formation, and these three, who were called the supreme masters of Shaolin at the time, defeated Gu Myeol-geop in just over a hundred breaths with an exquisite joint attack technique.


It is said that the masters who witnessed this at the time were so stunned that it was a tremendous confrontation.


On this occasion, martial artists referred to these three old monks as the Three Monks of Shaolin.


'Misfortune never comes singly.'


Mong Mu-yak clicked his tongue.


The Master of the Arhat Pavilion and the surrounding warrior monks were already overwhelming enough.


But now, even the Three Grand Monks of Shaolin, known as the supreme masters of Shaolin, had appeared, so it could be said to be the worst situation.


At this, Mong Mu-yak approached closely and spoke in a low voice.


"My lord. They are the ones called the Three Grand Monks of Shaolin, the supreme masters and elders of Shaolin Temple."


"The supreme masters and elders of Shaolin Temple. I see."


"…My lord. You must avoid a conflict with the Three Grand Monks of Shaolin."


Mong Mu-yak warned with a concerned voice.


At that moment, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon, who had a benevolent appearance and was walking through the hall among the three old monks, opened his mouth in a warm voice.


"Amitabha. It's been a long time, Deok-mun."


"M-Master!"


The expelled monk Ja Geum-jeong couldn't hide his emotions when his master recognized him right away.


Outside, he was called one of the Three Madmen and was known as a madman, but he followed his master like his own parents.


However, this long-awaited reunion was shattered by the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok.


"Amitabha. Sutra Pavilion Master. That patron is no longer a person of Buddhism, so why are you calling him by his Buddhist name when he was already excommunicated?"


At his words, Ja Geum-jeong glared at the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok with disappointed eyes.


Although he had been expelled, he was once a disciple of Shaolin.


But drawing the line so coldly like this, he couldn't help but feel resentful.


The Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon also seemed displeased with this, and he tried to say something to the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok but soon changed the topic.


"Amitabha. Who is the patron who sharply rebuked us just now?"


At his question, the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion and the Master of the Arhat Pavilion naturally pointed to Mok Gyeong-un with their eyes.


Then, the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok, who was next to Gong-jeon, clasped his hands together and spoke with a frown.


"Amitabha. How can you describe this as a rebuke, Sutra Pavilion Master?"


At this, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon smiled and replied.


"He spoke the truth, so of course it can be called a rebuke. Where there is a cause, there is an effect, and where there is no cause, there is no effect. That young patron pointed this out, so how can we deny it? Isn't that right, Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion?"


"Amitabha."


At those words, the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion clasped his hands together, unable to hide his predicament.


If Gong-jeon, one of the three old monks with the highest seniority in Shaolin, spoke like that, it would be acknowledging that all of this was his own fault.


Even if it was a mistake that had occurred.


However, it seemed that not all three of them shared the same opinion.


"Oh my. How can you attribute this to the fault of the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion? He did what he had to do as the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion. Who would have known that people were riding on that bizarre creature, and that too in the high sky?"


At the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok's defense, the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion nodded his head.


That was what he wanted to say.


If they told him to take responsibility or apologize for what had happened, he could do so as much as needed.


However, when a bizarre creature was passing right above Shaolin, it would be absurd to just let it go, and how was he supposed to know that people were riding on it?


"Precepts Hall Master. That's a dangerous remark. It could be interpreted as saying that anything is acceptable if done unknowingly."


"Amitabha. Don't distort my words too much. I was merely trying to say that the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion did not do it intentionally. I hope the patrons will forgive him with a generous heart."


With that, the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok clasped his hands together and bowed his head to Mok Gyeong-un and his group.


Although he seemed to be bowing his head and apologizing, the group couldn't help but click their tongues inwardly at his attitude that lacked any sincerity.


Meanwhile, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon spoke.


"Even if one practices Buddhism, the way and enlightenment that each person accepts are different, so patrons, please don't be too upset. Anyway, as this patron said, this incident is not without responsibility on the part of our temple…"


"Sutra Pavilion Master. You're not planning to let that bizarre creature out, are you?"


The Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok interrupted his words.


"Since the patrons have suffered a great mishap due to our temple's mistake, shouldn't we let it out accordingly?"


"I have already apologized for that part and am willing to make other compensations if desired. However, letting the bizarre creature out is a separate issue."


"Oh my. How can you say such a thing?"


"Are you going to violate the rules of our temple, Sutra Pavilion Master? A monster that brings harm to humans has entered our temple, yet you're saying you'll just let it go."


"Then what do you intend to do?"


"We should capture it, of course. What are the demon-subduing monks doing? Can't you subdue that bizarre creature right now?"


At the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok's exclamation, the demon-subduing monks once again grasped their vajras and prepared to chant the demon-subduing mantra.


Then, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon shouted.


"Demon-subduing monks, stop this at once. This is the responsibility of our temple, so it is not a matter to be resolved through rules."


-Murmur murmur!


The demon-subduing monks were at a loss, confused by the different orders.


The Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion was the same.


He also had a strong temperament, so he shared the same opinion as the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok, but since they had clearly made a mistake, he found it difficult to subdue the bizarre creature.


"Oh my. A monster that harms and devours people is right in front of our eyes, yet you hesitate. Do you truly have the qualifications to be demon-subduing monks? This won't do."


-Ssk!


As soon as those words ended, the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok reached out his hand.


-Woong!


"Huh?"


Then, due to his profound true energy, the vajras in the hands of three demon-subduing monks were pulled out,


-Swish swish swish!


And they flew towards the cowering Demonic Beast Heum-won.


But at that moment, a surprising thing happened.


As Mok Gyeong-un grasped a finger strike and raised his hand, the Evil Commandment Sword at his waist came out of its scabbard on its own and flew as if it were alive,


-Cha cha chaeng!


It deflected the three flying vajras at an exquisite moment.


The Evil Commandment Sword that had deflected them soon returned to Mok Gyeong-un's scabbard when he made a gesture of pulling the finger strike.


-Chak!


'!!!!!!!!!'


The audience stirred.


Anyone who had mastered martial arts couldn't mistake it.


'Sword Control Technique?'


It was none other than the profound principle of the Sword Control Technique.


'How can this be?'


'My lord unleashed the Sword Control Technique?'


Seeing this, Mok Gyeong-un's subordinates also couldn't hide their astonishment.


This profound principle of manipulating a sword with Qi was in a different realm from the Void Hand Interception that the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok had used by simply launching the vajras with true energy.


It was not only crossing the wall but also reaching mastery with the sword, and it required an understanding of Qi at least at the pinnacle-stage of the Transformation Realm to be possible.


-What?


Cheong-ryeong also couldn't hide her astonishment.


-Mortal, when the hell did you master the Sword Control Technique?


-After confronting the Heaven and Earth Society Leader and the person called the Southern Pacification Commissioner, I roughly understood how to handle the flow of Qi.


-!?


At Mok Gyeong-un's words, Cheong-ryeong was inwardly dumbfounded.


She was well aware of his martial talent and his insight into the flow of Qi, but she didn't expect him to even master the profound principle of the Sword Control Technique.


And that too after only experiencing it twice.


It was an absurd talent that was hard to get used to no matter how many times she experienced it.

 1

It was at that moment.


"The Sword Control Technique… Young patron, you surprise this old monk. I haven't directly seen many masters, but among the contemporary masters, I've never heard of anyone unleashing the Sword Control Technique at that age."


Currently, Mok Gyeong-un was still wearing the human skin mask.


However, the face of the human skin mask also appeared to be only in the mid-twenties, so even the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok was astonished.


"I wish the young patron would use such power for the right cause, but it's truly regrettable to use it for a mere man-eating monster. Amitabha."


-Goooo!


With those words, the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok revealed his pure yet profound energy.


As befitting martial arts of Buddhism, it wasn't overbearing, but the energy was so vast that it naturally inspired awe.


To him, Mok Gyeong-un said.


"I understand that sorcery is not viewed favorably in Shaolin, but that bizarre creature hasn't eaten any humans since becoming my spirit beast. Yet you still insist on taking action?"


"Even if it hasn't done so yet, if that monster escapes from your control, there will surely be trouble."


"You're worrying about something that hasn't even happened yet."


"How can we stand by and watch when harm is right in front of our eyes? For the sake of the young patron and for the future, it seems that monster must be eliminated."


"If the Elder insists on doing so, I have no choice either."


At this, Mok Gyeong-un also tried to take a fighting stance.


Although Mong Mu-yak had hoped that he wouldn't clash with the Three Monks of Shaolin, now that things had turned out this way, there was no other choice, so he took a fighting stance while exchanging glances with Seop Chun and Ma Ra-hyeon.


"Master!"


As the atmosphere was about to lead to a fight, the expelled monk Ja Geum-jeong called out to his master, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon, in an earnest voice.


Then, Gong-jeon also seemed to think it wouldn't work and tried to step in.


But it was at that very moment.


-Clap!


"Amitabha."


The sound of solemnly chanting a sutra along with the clapping of hands.


As this sound spread in all directions, everyone in the square who had been raising their energy stopped and looked at someone.


It was the Reverse Muscle Scripture Hall Grand Monk Museong, the only one among the Three Grand Monks of Shaolin who had not intervened.


'Tremendous inner energy.'


'That old monk has the most profound inner energy among the three.'


Thanks to the energy infused in Museong's voice, Mok Gyeong-un's subordinates realized that Museong had the most profound internal energy among the Three Monks of Shaolin.


With him intervening, they couldn't help but feel tense, but Museong spoke in a gentle voice, unlike before.


"patrons and the two Pavilion Masters, could you listen to this old monk's words for a moment?"


As he stepped in, the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok, who had been somewhat stubborn, lowered his momentum and replied in a cautious manner.


"Please speak, Pavilion Master."


That was understandable because among the three people called the Three Monks of Shaolin, the one with the highest seniority was none other than Museong, who had the character 'Mu' (撫, pacify/comfort) in his Buddhist name.


Gong-jeon also respected Museong, so he clasped his hands together and said.


"Amitabha. Do you have any insights, Pavilion Master?"


To this question, Museong looked intently at Mok Gyeong-un.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un also clasped his hands together in a salute and politely said.


"Please speak, Pavilion Master."


Then, Museong bowed his head once to show respect and opened his mouth.


"Thank you for lending your ears to this incompetent monk's words. While quietly observing, I came to a conclusion about what the problem is."


"And what is that?"


"From Shaolin's perspective, we cannot simply let demons pass by due to our rules."


As soon as his words ended, the corners of the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok's mouth slightly rose.


It seemed that the one with high seniority was taking his side.


However, his words were not finished yet.


"But it is also true that the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion's mistake caused trouble for the patrons. Therefore, even though our temple has rules, it doesn't seem right to arbitrarily enforce them."


"Pavilion Master! You're not suggesting we just let that monster go, are you?"


Dae-deok interjected with a frown, unable to accept it.


Then, Museong clasped his hands together and said.


"Amitabha. Pavilion Master… Even a butcher can become a Buddha if he puts down the knife in his hand."


"Pavilion Master, that's…"


"How can beasts and monsters not have the qualifications to become Buddhas? All living beings have the qualifications to become Buddhas."


"…"


At his words, Dae-deok closed his mouth.


It wasn't very good to argue about something in front of someone who had higher seniority and deeper faith than himself.


So if he couldn't properly refute, he couldn't recklessly open his mouth.


Meanwhile, Museong looked at Mok Gyeong-un and said.


"This is what this poor monk thinks, but what does the patron think?"


Although he felt puzzled by the appearance of readily taking their side, accepting his mediation was the way to avoid fighting with Shaolin at the moment, so Mok Gyeong-un responded positively.


"I agree with the Elder's words."


"Hohoho. That's good. Then, I would like the patron to demonstrate proof."


"Proof? What do you mean by that?"


"The Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion here and the Precepts Hall Master are people who strictly follow the rules, so in order to convince them, it would be good if the patron could show that it is possible to control the demonic nature, even if it is called a monster. What do you think?"


'!?'


***


[What do you want me to show and how?]


[It's not that difficult. Among the thirty-six caves of our temple, there is a demon-subduing hall where a vicious monster is confined.]


[A vicious monster?]


[That's right. That monster is so vicious that the demon-subduing monks tried to subdue its demonic nature by chanting the demon-subduing mantra for ninety-nine days, but there has been no progress yet. So, I would like the patron to show these two Pavilion Masters that you can control the demonic nature. Is it possible?]


This was the proposal of the Reverse Muscle Scripture Hall Grand Monk Museong.


In order to convince the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion and the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok, he wanted Mok Gyeong-un to show that he could control the demonic nature of a vicious monster, in other words, a bizarre creature.


If he could demonstrate this, he said it would be fine to take the Demonic Beast Heum-won and leave Shaolin Temple.


'Hmm.'


Since he couldn't recklessly fight against Shaolin Temple, known as the center of righteous martial arts, Mok Gyeong-un had no choice but to accept this.


However, there was one problem.


Currently, Mok Gyeong-un's spirit beast quota was full, so he couldn't increase it.


Therefore, he might not be able to show the suppression of demonic nature by making a bizarre creature his spirit beast as Museong had proposed.


'What should I do?'


While Mok Gyeong-un was pondering like that, he was being guided by Gong-jeon.


After passing a few halls, a half-building made of numerous rock walls appeared towards the rear garden of Shaolin Temple.


There were roughly thirty-six caves.


The names of the caves were written on the hall that served as the entrance to the half-building.


As he was walking along the square to go towards the caves, Mok Gyeong-un suddenly stopped halfway.


There, a red stele was erected, and in front of it, a single footprint was deeply engraved.


'What is this?'


The footprint looked like a foot stamping mark.


But why did they erect a red-painted stele like this in front of the footprint?


Moreover, the following phrase was engraved on the stele:


[Remember.]


As Mok Gyeong-un tilted his head while looking at this, Gong-jeon, who had been guiding him, soon spoke.


"Amitabha. That is a stele erected to awaken Shaolin's vigilance."


"Vigilance?"


"That's right. There was an incident where the Hundred and Eight Arhat Formation, once called perfect, collapsed with just a single foot stamping of a supreme master."

 1

"A foot stamping, you say? Could it be?"


"Yes, that footprint is the trace from that time."


'!!!!!!!'