Chapter 297: Shaolin Temple (4)

"Yes, that footprint is the trace from that time."

At the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon's words, interest glinted in Mok Gyeong-un's eyes.

Although he didn't know exactly what the Hundred and Eight Arhat Formation was, he could understand its power just by the fact that it was one of the three major formations of Shaolin.

But to say that a joint attack formation deployed by a hundred and eight people was shattered with just a single foot stamping...

It was quite an interesting story.

At that moment, Cheong-ryeong's voice echoed in his mind.

-…It's absurd.

-What?

-The Hundred and Eight Arhat Formation is not a simple formation. It is the Hundred and Eight Arhat Array, which is said to be the essence of Shaolin's formation techniques.

-So?

-Not so, but it's already remarkable that a single supreme master broke it, but to say that he did it with a single footstep...

She couldn't finish her words.

The masters who deploy the Arhat Formation are top-notch masters from first-rate to the peak.

A formation is a technique that doubles in strength just by assembling the array.

But if one could break that tremendous multiplication achieved by a hundred and eight people with a single footstep...

-Truly the Steps of Domination.

Steps of Domination.

There is a saying that with a single footstep, or with a single stride, one can dominate everything.

As she said, if that was possible with a single footstep, it was enough to call it by such a title.

So, Mok Gyeong-un approached the footprint and asked.

"If a stele was erected to the extent of awakening Shaolin's vigilance, the owner of this footprint must have been a truly remarkable person."

"Amitabha. That's correct."

The monks of Shaolin Temple called this footprint a humiliation.

However, the reason they left it was to put down their pride as the orthodox of martial arts in the Central Plains and to constantly reflect on themselves.

'Just a single foot stamping…'

At that moment, Mok Gyeong-un placed his own sole against the footprint with eyes full of curiosity and interest.

"Does the Elder know who this person is?"

"…I do know, but it is a taboo to speak of it, so I cannot reveal it. Please understand."

"I understand."

At Gong-jeon's words, Mok Gyeong-un smiled.

Somehow, it seemed understandable.

Even Cheong-ryeong couldn't help but be amazed, so a great formation that was shattered with just a single footstep... it must be a story Shaolin wouldn't want to boast about.

"Then shall we go again?"

"Yes, ah! Can I just ask if the person who left this is one of the Six Heavens or someone like that?"

"…It's a very old incident. It happened hundreds of years ago. So you don't need to have doubts, patron."

"I apologize. I tend to be curious."

-Tap!

With those words, Mok Gyeong-un placed his sole against the footprint.

It was an action done without much thought.

In fact, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon was familiar with people like this, so he lightly smiled.

But it was at that very moment.

-Gasp!

The moment he placed his sole, Mok Gyeong-un's vision turned black.

As his entire vision turned black and he couldn't see anything with his physical eyes, Mok Gyeong-un felt his heart sink.

'What is this?'

Mok Gyeong-un frowned at the sudden bizarre phenomenon.

Then, without intending to, the demonic power of the Third Eye arose on its own, and along with it, a scene unfolded before his eyes.

It was this very place.

It felt slightly different, but a hundred and eight warrior monks holding staffs were deploying a formation surrounding someone.

That someone was a person with a demon mask and striking blood-red hair.

'Blood-red hair?'

It seemed familiar.

The moment he saw that hair, the Six Offices Commander So Yerin came to mind.

At that moment, an old monk shouted at the warrior monks surrounding the person.

[Go and bring an incense that lasts for a moment.]

[Yes, Head Monk.]

At this, a few warrior monks clasped their hands together and tried to run.

[There's no need for that.]

With those words, the unidentified person wearing the demon mask lightly stamped his foot while holding a black sword.

-Thud!

-Thud! Thud! Thud!

At that moment, the hundred and eight Arhat monks who were aiming their staffs simultaneously rolled on the ground as if they were being struck by an earthquake.

'!!!!!!!!!!'

It was an extremely surprising incident.

Everyone must have been shocked because the hall instantly turned silent.

However, unlike them, in Mok Gyeong-un's right pupil, numerous repetitive flows of energy spreading from the center of the footprint were traced.

'This is?'

This was not ordinary energy but Innate True Energy, and it created a tremendous suggestion by generating thousands of waves in an instant.

This flow of energy was similar to the suggestion shown by Dam Baek-ha the Sixth Blood Saint, but it was on a completely different level.

It was something that was difficult to even imitate without the formula to control this flow of energy.

-Gasp!

At that moment, the thirty scattered words of the Eight Thought-Shattering Techniques in Mok Gyeong-un's mind began to spin rapidly and assemble themselves.

The formula of the Eight Thought-Shattering Techniques, which had been stagnant for a long time, was beginning to move.

'Extreme supremacy, endless, extreme, nothingness, nothingness, nothingness… the Suppressing (鎭) technique.'

As the formula took shape, it remained as a single form in his mind.

Mok Gyeong-un's eyes, who had unexpectedly obtained another technique of the Eight Thought-Shattering Techniques, were filled with joy.

'Ah…'

If he hadn't seen this scene in the mental image, he would never have thought of this formula of the thirty words.

This was because it was a formula that was difficult to even grasp a sense of.

At that moment, voices rang in Mok Gyeong-un's ears.

-Mortal?

"Patron?"

Those were the voices of Cheong-ryeong and the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon.

The moment he recognized their voices, the scene before his eyes disappeared, and he soon emerged from the mental image.

Returning to reality, Mok Gyeong-un let out a small exclamation.

"Ah…"

-Mortal, what's wrong with you?

"Patron, are you alright?"

At their questions, Mok Gyeong-un lightly waved his hand as if he was fine.

However, contrary to what he said, the demonic power of the Third Eye was still open in his right eye, and the traces of the waves from the footprint were being intricately observed.

'Was it because of this?'

This texture had led Mok Gyeong-un into the mental image by becoming a formula.

Mok Gyeong-un, whose mental image was much deeper than others, could read the will remaining in the footprint.

But coincidentally, the energy still faintly remained centered around the sole, so he could fall into the mental image.

'Who is it?'

The man with blood-red hair wearing a demon mask.

Surely, that man must be the one who left this footprint that the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon spoke of.

But he clearly said it happened hundreds of years ago, so if the remnants of that energy still remain... how strong must that person have been?

'…It seems the level of the Old Martial Arts World was indeed higher than the current martial arts world.'

Clicking his tongue, Mok Gyeong-un soon removed his sole from the footprint.

Then, he pointed towards the caves with his hand and said.

"I'm fine, so let's go."

"Amitabha. I understand."

The Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon, who had been worried about Mok Gyeong-un's dazed and staggered state for a moment, soon led him again.

***

At the same time, in the square of the Arhat Pavilion.

There, Seop Chun, Mong Mu-yak, Ja Geum-jeong, Ma Ra-hyeon, and Holy Fire Priestess were waiting with complex expressions.

Originally, they had also intended to follow Mok Gyeong-un to the demon-subduing hall.

However, due to the dissuasion of the Master of the Demon-Subduing Pavilion, they had to stay here.

[There isn't just one monster inside the demon-subduing hall. If many people who haven't mastered Dharma enter, it will only provoke them, so please wait here.]

So, having sent only Mok Gyeong-un, they couldn't help but be concerned.

If Mok Gyeong-un successfully controlled that so-called monster, they would be able to leave Shaolin together with it.

In fact, if they had just given up on this bizarre bird, they could have left safely, so they felt a bit of resentment towards Mok Gyeong-un for going this far.

However, they found it difficult to express dissatisfaction with him.

That was because their trust in him had deepened after seeing Mok Gyeong-un not abandoning even a mere monster and going through such trouble for his own person.

'We have no choice but to trust our lord now.'

They just hoped that their lord would succeed.

The expelled monk Ja Geum-jeong was looking at someone with dissatisfaction.

It was the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok.

He always emphasized rules and was particularly stubborn even among the elders of Shaolin.

He had never bent his will even once.

'Damn baldhead.'

He was always irritated because it seemed like he was blocking his path.

Then, his eyes met with Dae-deok's, and perhaps because he was in an expelled position unlike before, his gaze grew sharper.

'Tsk tsk.'

At Ja Geum-jeong's attitude, Dae-deok clicked his tongue inwardly.

Although he had expelled him, he was once a respected elder of the temple, but seeing him glare as if he were an enemy made him feel pitiable.

If it weren't for Gong-jeon constantly intervening, saying something about his Boundless Talent or whatever, he would have punished him even more severely.

'Hmm.'

By the way, such an opportunity was rare.

He had continued to leave him alone because he had mastered the Boundless Talent that no one in Shaolin had mastered for a long time.

But now that he had come to Shaolin on his own feet, it seemed that he had to make him reveal the formula of the Boundless Talent.

If that arrogant patron who mastered sorcery failed to control the monster, there would be plenty of excuses to trap them.

Since he was a patron who would go through such trouble to protect a mere monster, he would create a justification on his own.

While he was sorting out his own schemes like that,

At that moment, a monk belonging to the Precepts Hall entered the Arhat Pavilion.

"Amitabha. Pavilion Master."

"What is it?"

At this, the monk quietly whispered something in the Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok's ear.

After hearing this, Dae-deok quietly glanced at Mok Gyeong-un's group waiting in the middle of the square.

"Ho. I see."

Soon, the corners of Dae-deok's mouth rose faintly.

***

While passing the entrance of the cave halls in the form of several half-buildings, the Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon quietly spoke to Mok Gyeong-un.

"But honestly, I was surprised, patron."

"…"

"Although I am a monk who practices Buddhism, this is the first time I've seen someone as young as you who has reached such a deep level of mental image."

At his sincere praise, Mok Gyeong-un soon expressed his gratitude.

"You flatter me."

"If it's not rude, may I ask your age, patron?"

"Seventeen… No, as of yesterday, I'm eighteen."

He had completely forgotten, but come to think of it, yesterday was his birthday.

He wasn't sure if it was really the day he was born, but it was the day his grandfather always celebrated for him.

"What?"

At that moment, Gong-jeon asked back in puzzlement.

'!?'

Mok Gyeong-un instantly realized his mistake.

While heading to the demon-subduing hall, he had been devising contingency plans in his mind in case he had to face the monster, so he had been highly concentrated.

So he had absentmindedly answered his age, but he was currently wearing a human skin mask.

The face of the human skin mask appeared to be in the mid-twenties, so answering like this would be strange.

However, fortunately,

"Hohoho. Amitabha. I apologize. It seems my Buddhist cultivation is still lacking. This is also a kind of obsession."

"Ah… Yes."

Rather than the facial features and age not matching, he was more interested in something else.

Perhaps because he considered it remarkable that Mok Gyeong-un had reached this level at such a young age, he kept calling him a prodigy.

"Oh my. A prodigy indeed. A prodigy."

He genuinely considered Mok Gyeong-un's martial talent to be extraordinary.

So, just before reaching the demon-subduing hall, he asked.

"As a monk who has left the secular world, it is not right to show interest in worldly affairs, but I am truly curious. By what title are you called in the martial arts world?"

At his question, Mok Gyeong-un pondered for a moment.

He had been hiding his real name from the beginning, and since it hadn't been long since he left the Evil Sect, he didn't have a title yet.

So, he was about to casually say any name as an alias, but soon he thought of something.

[I was thinking of calling you Jeong (正), but that doesn't suit you either.]

At this, Mok Gyeong-un chuckled and said.

"It's Cheonma… Cheonma (Heavenly Demon)."