Chapter 307: Domineering Steps (5)

Reverse Muscle Scripture Hall Grand Monk Museong approached Mok Gyeong-un with a much more relaxed expression and spoke.


"Amitabha. I am genuinely astonished that you accomplished something even more difficult than the given task with such ease, Patron."


The original task was to endure the Hundred and Eight Arhats Formation for a moment with his companions.


However, Mok Gyeong-un single-handedly shattered it with a single stomp.


Museong's astonishment was sincere.


"I was fortunate."


"At such a young age, reaching that level of martial prowess could easily lead to arrogance, but to see that you also possess humility is truly admirable."


At those words, Mok Gyeong-un smiled faintly.


In fact, Mok Gyeong-un was not accustomed to feelings of arrogance or conceit.


He simply acted according to the situation he desired to create.


Moreover,


-There's no need to deliberately make enemies, Mortal. Just because someone is weak doesn't mean they can't become an enemy, and just because they're weak doesn't mean they can't be annoying.


-Is that so?


-A speck of snow at the peak can roll down and cause an avalanche. Shaolin is no different from a spiritual pillar in the orthodox martial arts world. I think you'll understand what I mean by just saying this much.


It was also because of Cheong-ryeong's advice.


Mok Gyeong-un, who deemed this reasonable, was gradually learning not to provoke the other party if it wasn't necessary.


Of course, being monks who cultivated the Buddhist path, most of the monks of Shaolin did not raise objections or hold grudges over what had already ended.


They cleanly accepted the result.


"The agreement is the agreement. Along with the monsters you brought..."


"Ah! Is it alright if I also take Alyu over there?"


"Alyu?"


"I'm referring to the diabolic beast that was imprisoned in Shaolin's Demon-Subduing Cave."


"Amitabha. It seems you heard the name from the monster."


"Yes. In order to control that monster, I unintentionally made it my spirit beast."


"Spirit beast... It's a demon-taming technique."


"Yes."


Monks who cultivated the Buddhist path considered demon-taming techniques that went against the natural order to be unreasonable, so Museong also did not view it favorably.


However, not wanting to get involved with them in a negative way any further,


"Amitabha. Very well. However, I hope the patron will take good care of that monster and ensure it does not harm people recklessly."


"I will do so."


"Then take it with you."


Despite granting permission, Mok Gyeong-un stared intently at Museong.


At this, Museong asked in puzzlement.


"Why are you doing that, Patron?"


"Are you not giving me the Small Restoration Pill?"


"Ah!"


Museong slapped his forehead as if he had forgotten and said.


"I nearly committed a mistake despite making an agreement. As I age, I sometimes forget things, so I ask for the patron's understanding."


"Not at all."


With those words, Mok Gyeong-un looked at the surrounding monks.


As he brought up the Small Restoration Pill, they had quite regretful expressions.


At this, Cheong-ryeong giggled as if it were amusing.


-It seems those fellows hoped you would forget, Mortal.


-Indeed.


-Anyway, you're quite remarkable. In the midst of all this, how did you think to demand the Small Restoration Pill, knowing how the result would turn out?


-Should I say I learned it?


-Learned?


At Cheong-ryeong's question, Mok Gyeong-un smiled faintly.


In any case, it was a natural reaction for the monks of Shaolin Temple to be so regretful.


Even if it wasn't the Great Restoration Pill, the Small Restoration Pill was also difficult to make.


Even the monks of Shaolin, who called this spiritual medicine a treasure, might only get to consume it once in their lifetime, so they couldn't help but feel regretful about it being taken outside.


Even for monks who had no material desires, receiving the Small Restoration Pill was an honorable thing.


"You all go to the Bodhi Hall and bring five Small Restoration Pills."


At his command, one of the monks asked in puzzlement.


"Huh? Master. Shouldn't four pills be enough? Clearly, the expelled Deokmun refused..."


"One pill is for that Bodhisattva."


Museong's gaze turned towards someone.


That someone was none other than the Holy Fire Priestess.


At this, Mok Gyeong-un's eyes gleamed with interest.


In fact, since the Holy Fire Priestess was not a martial artist, he had not included her as someone who should separately receive the Small Restoration Pill.


However, Museong had included her as a companion as well.


He was truly fair and had great depth.


-If only half, no, one-third of the hypocrites in the righteous faction learned from this old monk or Shaolin, there would have been fewer conflicts in the martial arts world.

 1

-I suppose it's the same for the evil faction or anywhere else.


For Mok Gyeong-un, the righteous faction, no, all humans were the same.


In the end, they were bound to become cunning to achieve what they desired.


At that moment, a irritated voice was heard from somewhere.


"Oh my. How impudent!"


Turning his head, he saw Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok expressing his displeasure with an uncomfortable face.


The target of his anger was none other than the expelled monk Ja Geum-jeong.


The moment Reverse Muscle Scripture Hall Grand Monk Museong, the highest elder of Shaolin present, acknowledged the defeat of the Hundred and Eight Arhats Formation, he had exclaimed with delight more than anyone else.


[Hahahahaha!]


Although he had been expelled, he did not hold a big grudge because of the grace of taking him in, but there was one exception.


It was none other than Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok.


From selecting him as one of the Ten Precept Monks to interfering with and obstructing his every move, it was him.


He had even tried to expel him from Shaolin several times by raising issues before he was expelled.


If it weren't for his master, Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon, it might have already turned out the way Dae-deok wanted.


The expelled monk Ja Geum-jeong snorted at Dae-deok and said.


"What's impudent?"


"Even if you left Shaolin, how can you act so recklessly towards an elder who once taught you, no different from an elder?"


"Once I'm out, who's an elder or a venerable? And what's reckless about telling you to keep the agreement?"


"Oh my. This fellow still hasn't changed. Leaving Shaolin has turned you into a ruffian."


"Yes. No matter what nonsense you spout, this monk will strike you once according to the agreement and leave, so just stand there as agreed."


"This fellow truly wants to be taught a lesson."


With those words, Dae-deok assumed the stance of the Dragon Blossom Fist.


He was ready to strike at Ja Geum-jeong at any moment.


Then, Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon approached, clicked his tongue, and spoke.


"Amitabha. Precepts Hall Master. How can you be so stubborn when an agreement was made?"


"This humble monk never agreed to the bet."


"Hohoho. It's not a pleasant sight. Aren't you the one who demanded that everyone follow the precepts without exception? Yet, you're making an exception for yourself?"


-Murmur murmur!


At Gong-jeon's words, even the monks of the Commandment Hall murmured.


Seeing their reaction, Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok bit his lower lip with a resentful face.


Was it what they called tying oneself up with one's own rope?


Although he wanted to strike down that impudent expelled monk, if he continued to refuse here, saying he didn't want to be hit, it seemed his dignity would crumble even further.


'Tch.'


Thus, Dae-deok finally released his stance and stepped forward in front of Ja Geum-jeong.


Then, glaring at Ja Geum-jeong as if he wanted to kill him, he said.


"Fine. Since you want it so badly, strike this humble monk once."


'Don't think this is the end.'


Dae-deok inwardly vowed for the future.


He had to let him go for now, but he already had a justification to retrieve the supreme power that had been entrusted to him.


Using this as a pretext, he planned to visit him again and properly repay him.


'But this fellow is too delighted.'


Dae-deok clicked his tongue inwardly.


Seeing this naive fellow grinning and being so happy just because he could strike him once, it was even absurd.


If he resented him so much, he should have asked for an arm instead. What a simple fellow.


Dae-deok, who had been clicking his tongue, finally spoke.


"Stop smiling and strike."


With those words, Dae-deok drew up his true energy to protect his body.


At this, Gong-jeon frowned and said.


"Precepts Hall Master. You're using true energy to protect your body just to be struck once?"


"I agreed to be struck once, not that I wouldn't protect my body with true energy."


At his sarcastic voice, even the monks coming from the same Precepts Hall shook their heads.


It was to the point where they thought he should cleanly take the hit and end it, considering their past relationship.


Meanwhile, the corners of Ja Geum-jeong's mouth rose to his ears.


"Oh. So you're saying it's alright to use true energy."


"What?"


"Didn't you say so, Master?"


"No, that's..."


"You're not saying that you can protect your body with true energy, but this monk should strike with bare fists, right?"


At Ja Geum-jeong's words, Dae-deok soon cleared his throat and answered.


"Ahem. Who said to do that? Do as you wish."


'As if that will make a difference, you fool.'


Dae-deok inwardly mocked Ja Geum-jeong.


In any case, he prided himself on having reached the top in internal energy among orthodox martial artists by mastering the Bone Marrow Cleansing Scripture and the Mahayana Heavenly God Technique.


Even if he had learned the supreme power, comparing internal strength with himself, who had surpassed the wall, was out of the question.


-Thud! Thud!


'I'll show you this time.'


Dae-deok stomped his feet strongly on the ground, assuming a horse stance.


Seeing his stance, Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon sighed.


It was the stance of the Vajra Indestructible Body Divine Technique.


It was a technique that used true energy to transform the entire body's skin to be nearly as strong as vajra, protecting it.


It seemed he had a strong will not to let Ja Geum-jeong vent his anger.


However, Ja Geum-jeong paid no heed to this.


Rather,


-Clench!


He clenched his fist, then pulled it back and assumed the stance of a mysterious fist technique.


Seeing this, the surrounding monks muttered softly.


"It's the Hundred Steps Divine Fist."


The Hundred Steps Divine Fist.


It was one of the 72 unique arts of Shaolin, possessing the power to shatter rocks a hundred steps away with fist energy.


The Hundred Steps Divine Fist was known externally for overcoming distance, but its true advantage lay in the distance getting shorter.


The closer the distance, the stronger the power of the Hundred Steps Divine Fist becomes.


'The Hundred Steps Divine Fist... I thought he only taught the Vajra Demon-Subduing Fist, but he taught him one more unique art.'


Dae-deok glanced at Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon, Ja Geum-jeong's master, and clicked his tongue.


However, it didn't matter.


Even if the power of the Hundred Steps Divine Fist was ranked among the top five fist techniques of Shaolin's 72 unique arts, his internal energy had already surpassed it.


'Do as you please. As if that will even slightly impa...'


-Whoosh!


At that moment.


-Flinch!


Dae-deok's eyes wavered.


The reason he was so startled was none other than the energy gathering in Ja Geum-jeong's fist.


He had thought that even if the fellow drew up the power of the Ten Stars realm, it would not be able to impact him.


However,


-Whoosh!


Energy was ceaselessly gathering in Ja Geum-jeong's fist, and the level exceeded his expectations. Yet, the energy continued to gather.


What in the world was happening?


With the fellow's realm, it was impossible for such energy to gather.


'Amitabha.'


Sutra Pavilion Grand Monk Gong-jeon, who was watching Ja Geum-jeong, inwardly chanted a Buddhist prayer.


Back when Ja Geum-jeong, or Deokmun, was being expelled, he had told him to pretend to have learned the supreme power to prevent his martial arts from being sealed.


However, it seemed there was no need for that.


'If that's not the supreme power, then what is?'


The surrounding energy was being drawn in.


The enlightenment Deokmun had attained was truly the supreme power left behind by Bodhidharma during his wall-facing meditation.


The energy gathered in Ja Geum-jeong's right fist was already approaching that of a master who had surpassed the wall.


In a confrontation between masters, there was no time to gather energy, but naturally, if there was no time limit like this,


-Kwaaaang!


"W-Wait a moment..."


The startled Dae-deok tried to tell Ja Geum-jeong to stop.


However, Ja Geum-jeong, who had already gathered the greatest energy he could muster in his fist, launched the Hundred Steps Divine Fist towards Dae-deok's abdomen.


-Baaang!


"Urk!!!!!"


At that moment, time seemed to flow slowly in Ja Geum-jeong's eyes.


The instant the fist made contact with the abdomen, Dae-deok's eyes widened as if they would pop out, and his face grotesquely contorted.


-Trickle!


Beads of sweat that had sprung up on his forehead flowed down his flushed face.


Although he had protected his body with the Vajra Indestructible Body Divine Technique, the strike that surpassed it penetrated his abdomen, impacting his internal organs and even his danjeon.


-Thud! Thud! Crack!


Along with the sound of the fist power penetrating the abdomen,


-Bang! Boom! Boom! Boom!


Dae-deok's body flew backward, rolling on the ground and bouncing several times before finally stopping at a distance of over a dozen zhang.


"Ugh..."


Dae-deok, who had barely managed to stand up, staggering, glared at Ja Geum-jeong with bloodshot eyes.


Then, raising his hand,


"Y-You bas... Blegh!"


He vomited a mouthful of blood and collapsed face-down on the ground.


-Thud!


'!!!!!!'


The mouths of the Shaolin monks watching this scene fell open.


They had thought it was unlikely, but who would have imagined that Precepts Hall Master Dae-deok, one of the Three Supreme Monks of Shaolin, would end up like this from a single punch of the expelled monk?


Regardless, Ja Geum-jeong burst into laughter with a wide grin, as if he felt extremely refreshed.


"Kwahahahaha!"


It felt as if a decade's worth of stagnant energy was being released, leaving him feeling too exhilarated.


***


Half an hour later,


The Demonic Beast Heum-won, who had managed to take flight despite the wound on his right wing, soared eastward from Shaolin.


Someone was quietly watching this scene from the downward slope of Mount Sung.


It was none other than Commander Kang-hak.


"Do you think I'll let you bastards go just because Shaolin made an agreement? Deputy Commander, go at once and report their route. I will pursue that gigantic monster bird."


"Yes, sir!"


"The warriors of the Guard Bureau and the government troops, follow me!"


"Yes, sir!!!!"


With Commander Kang-hak at the lead, the warriors of the Guard Bureau and the government troops pursued him.


Due to the demon beast Heum-won's injury, his flying speed had slowed down considerably, making it seem possible to catch up to him.


As they chased after Heum-won, there were people watching them from a higher point halfway up the mountain.


They were none other than Mok Gyeong-un and his companions.


Looking at the backs of the government troops chasing after Heum-won with all their might, Mok Gyeong-un smirked and said,


"Somehow, they really don't deviate from my expectations."